We got nine new blogs to get caught up on today you Jack Samsons so put on your Face Eyes and sit in your Body Chair !
Hey. I heard you were makin' baseball cards for us. I want one.
Ray paid be a hundred bucks to design his. Whatta you got?
Hey Ray! I need a hundred bucks. Can't say why.
That is craaazy mysterious!
Oynay oblempray, hombre.
SOON.
LYLE ROSCOE GABRIEL
SHORT-ORDER COOK
RALPHING HALFWAY THROUGH HIS SHIFT AT BAJA SAM'S FIESTA CANTINA AND SCAVENGING USED MARGARITAS TO QUELL THE SHAKES
1972-1989
1989-1997
HOLE MAN
PROPRIETARY, ORGANIC
OLD SPICE, BRISTOL CHIMNEY WIND
Téodor
Runnin' Beef's Wedding
-=Ray=-
A woman calling herself Aunt Nina was apprehended for removing a bag of bananas and several pairs of shoes from a vehicle involved in an active crime scene.
Beef, take this pill. It contains all the memories of your bachelor party.
Father did his mathematics on the way over, and he fears you've only time to bear ten children before your climacteric. Eat plenty of clover, to encourage the bearing of twins, and always take stairs two at a time, to widen your lady-bits.
Simon whistles as he packs.
Yes, mother. The ceremony starts at three, so I would like to find parking no later than one forty-five. The forecast says that there will be weather, so I will want you to bring your pashmina.
How was poker last night?
I won fifty-eight bucks off the dog! That stupid bastard.
Hah! Was he wearing that retarded sweater?
Of course!
Hey guys, I'm tryin' to sleep in here.
Hey Lyle, what's up?
'sup, Pops?
Not much. Nice work on the dog, Ray.
Eh, it was nothin'.
We still on for drinkin' tonight?
We'll be over after Survivor, cool?
R-R-Ray! I need six million bucks!
Excuse me, Todd?
T-T-Ta start this company I been dreamin' of! Ana-Tomix Car Concepts! I'm comin' to you first!
Anatomical car concepts, huh. Like those fake nutbags they got for hangin' off trailer hitches?
Yeah! Yeah! 'zzzackly! But dicksacks for cars is only the beginnin'!
Okay, okay. I'm listening.
I got this idea called Boy Dog! It's a modified brown golf bag you can strap underneath your ride!
Uh huh. And this represents the actual dog phallus, not just the dog's oat tote?
Yeah! Yeah! 'zzzackly! The whole ka-doodle!
Okay, alright. Keep goin'.
Well, that's my main best idea for n-n-now.
Okay then. Well. What I typically offer entrepeneurs at this stage is guidance, and maybe a tiny seed, or "angel," investment.
Whatever you got, m-m-man!
Todd, "Boy Dog" is compelling, but it doesn't cover the market. What about "Girl Dog"? People obviously want to think that their cars can nail each other. That is a given. How well the business community addresses those needs is up to you and me. It's an exciting time.
HIDDEN IN HIS LABYRINTH, HE DINED ON COELACANTH!
uh-pfuh
uh-pssssh
uh-pfuh
uh-pssssh
THAT WIZ-ARD... HE ATE IT... HE ATE THAT COELACANTH!
I see those fancy California boys think I am of low mind. Oh if they knew the house I have spent with my van and my IEEE member directory.
FOOLS! I have invented a USB device which can collect votes from the Internet and drive a knife through your heart!
I AM THE FATHER OF MODERN DEATH! I HAVE OPENED A NEW CHAPER IN THE HISTORY OF MURDER! THEY CALL ME CRAZY, BUT THEY CAN'T CALL ME GUILLTY! NOTE WITH MILLIONS OF HANDS ON THE BLADE!
Yaaaaaaawn! Yawn yawn yawny-yawn!
Oh, that's right!
I put 2,000 Flushes in the toilet last night! I can't wait to see the great blue color that it made!
Hooray, man! Today already rocks!
Man, that is one hell of a beautiful color.
Bless the baby angel who is in charge of days like today.
Roast Beef! Get up here! Check out this!
What
You want to go on a little mini-vacation to paradise? Come look in my toilet, dude!
Dang man I feel like there should be a little paper umbrella and some Bob Marley music
Wait right here! I'm gonna bring up the hibachi and call the fellows!
I still think it would be fun if Todd was my vice president!
Okay fine let's have him in for an interview
So uh Todd what is your position on reproductive rights for women
Bitches gotta take their cunt pills! I ain't wearin' no gunny sack!
Oh my god that is the worst possible answer in the universe
Hm very interesting
The only gay dude I'M marryin' is a dumb broad with a big veiny rack!
...and your stance on the tobacco industry
Get ridda' the filters! I hate suckin' on that Kotex!
What's the deal with Polack jokes, man?
Yeah exactly
I mean, you ever met a Polish dude? They're little, and they can be pretty mad if someone is messing around, but they ain't dumb.
That's just vestigial humour from the '50s I guess
I'm fine with jokes about Italians eatin' plastic fruit in a lobby, or Irish guys named Paddy who can't figure out how to walk down stairs, but I am just NOT down with Polack jokes.
Okay
Gimme a Japanese dude gettin' arrested for throwin' up panty-hose at a city meeting, or a German who gets so bored by his haircut that he dies, but leave the Poles alone.
PFUH! Why do I even subscribe!
When I was a kid, I spent a lot of time going through my dad's record collection. I guess most of us did.
I was always happy to find album covers or liner notes with naked women, as I didn't have many resources for that kind of thing.
Nice!
It was actually extremely important to me, now that I think about it.
THE WHO'S "QUADROPHENIA" LINER NOTES WERE PRETTY ACE STUFF, BUT THE NAKED BLACK LADY ON THE COVER OF SANTANA'S "ABRAXAS" STILL HAS A PRIMAL POWER OVER ME I DON'T REALLY UNDERSTAND.
I wonder where that particular woman is now.
If she's being true to herself, she's probably pleasing and being pleased in a perfect, balanced cycle.
The album artwork of my parents' generation was a Hail Mary from Arcadia that bounced off my forehead and fell to the ground. I was oblivious to everything, and now I just sit and wonder when I'll finally get the one perfect e-mail that solves all my problems and closes the laptop of my mind.
Look at that! Only 240 miles home! You gonna be hungry before we get there?
Dang yeah I guess we ain't basically eaten in nearly a day
We gotta find us a Underground and grab us some Subway!
Oh man Subway would punish All Italian BMT with mustard on both sides
All parmesan oregano bread All baked Lay's
Hey Téodor! It's Ray! Look, doggie, we gonna be home in a little while but we gotta get us some Subway first! Can you look on the Internet for--
What? For real?
What's he sayin'
He says they got four new Subways in the neighborhood since we left!
Holy Dickens Hold onto your hangover Ray
AND THUS THE CATS, EXCITED AT THE PROSPECT OF SANDWICHES, ARRIVED HOME FROM THEIR LONG JOURNEY ABROAD JUST ONE HOUR LATER.
...
Yeah, I think everybody wishes they could fly. It's impossible, though.
!
What?
!
Okay, but only if you think you're brave enough!
!
Oh my god
Hey man. My nephew wants you to come talk dirty at his birthday party. Can you dig it?
Any requests?
Holy smokes!
Hah ha! Ha ha ha Haahaa!
Wow!
Me an-an-an the fellas want you to talk dirty at our next drag race!
No problem, Todd.
Ha ha!
THAT'S ONE THING YOU CAN'T SAY IN HEAVEN
Sweet!
How'd I live to be 106? Why, I'll tell you. Never drank, never smoked, and never did drugs! Never ran with wild women! I still go to work at 8am each day!
You know what else don't smoke, drink, or tap ass on a lazy Tuesday mornin'? Grocery carts with rain on the handle. Tanks. Morrissey. You ain't rad for suckin'; you're lame for bein'.
It's Bill Cosby. He says if you have to drop an F-bomb to get a laugh, then you aren't working hard enough at your job.
Fuck him! Jokin' around ain't supposed to BE hard work!
WHAT...in the FLIBBIN' FLEEBIN' HECK!
The rib-eye is thirty-five ninety-nine, sir.
Fuck you it is. In this economy, you're lucky I ain't just walk in here and put a shotgun in my mouth.
Tell you what. Bring me a bottle of your most on-the-house wine, and I'll let you smell my Caddy. Oh, and six bucks for the meat. I know you got to make a profit.
Very good, sir.
That son of a bitch... he shanked me! Son of a bitch shanked me! Kill him, Pete! Step on him! NOW!
Hm this is nice work Todd
Who'd you study under
Red Sheets! Da b-b-best!
Hm based on the angle of retraction I would have thought The Fugue
The Fugue!? No way! Dude's all show.
Quit blabbing and kill him! KILL HIM!
For this style of attack though Red would have advocated Ferlinghetti's Axis which -
Yeah, yeah. Maximizes damage to the vein. You think I don't know this stuff?
Oh I think you know your stuff alright
I see you used Simon Little's Patented Offensive For The Small in its place
Yup. That's my go-to shank.
A fine choice given the crowded room and the relative height of your target
Not to mention it shows a great deal of class
Here we go
Boris J. Petrovsk
PLEASE LOG IN
Bingo
#rm ray_smuckles.txt
Look Boris- is cat in your cube!
Is cat? You sure? I go to take look.
Agh! Animal changes my password!
And when I asked the people for a place to lay my head/They all shut their doors in fear/A park bench was my bed
Like a modern day Woody Guthrie, cold singing the Song of America.
Alright, Pat, if we're gonna do this, we're gonna do it all the way.
How do you mean?
I mean STADIUM EVENT. Think Woodstock, baby. A festival of love and respect, long overdue in our land. Can you dig it?
Incredible! Who else can we get to play?
Oh, I'll get some of the other big bands from my label. Don't you worry.
Butters, we been in here fifteen minutes. Why ain't we just get our bags and head back to the gate.
Be cool, Smuckles! Here, let's turn the key least 'til the 'lectricals go on, so we can catch some tunes. Ain't no player chills in silence, dogg.
I will listen to music with you for ten minutes, Butters.
Whoah! Butters! My legs! My LEGS, dude!
Damn, Smuckles, don't Flintstone this bitch! I got a deposit... hold on, we floatin'?!
I... I can't feel my legs! I'm... I'm blackin' out... I'm... zzzzzz
Me... me either... I'm... zzzzzzzzz
Why "Jaime the Science Friend" is Our Mortal Enemy
Winners of last month's recipe contest; Notable bridges
Dang man what is with all the stacks of wax Téodor
I'm cleaning out my record collection. You want any 80s vanity albums?
YOU GONNA STAND THERE WITH YOUR BUTT ON THE BACK OF YOUR BODY OR ARE YOU GONNA GET IN ON THIS, BEEF?
Get in, man! I need a hand here! Hurry!
Alright, Beef! You take the wheel and head for the gate! I'm gettin' in the back!
Oh hell yes dogg right we gonna make the metals kiss and the fuel turn lively
There! Video clerk sees you slap that down on the counter, his eyes don't even focus. All the elements are perfectly balanced to turn off curiosity.
... and inside? You guessed it! Steve's Party!
Wow!
All we have to do is design a couple dozen more of these, and we're in business!
I'm glad you agree, man! We gonna make a mint!
Oh listen remember dogg you were all kinds of saying about how Bono emailed you reminding you to try a Currywurst when you were in Berlin
Oh, yeah! Thanks, Beef!
Ein, Currywurst, Bitte!
MIT POMMES ODER BROT?
Heh! What?
POMMES ODER BROT.
Heh, sorry! What?
POMMES ODER BROT?
Ray all the man wants to know is if you want fries or a roll as your side
Well then why's he bein' such a prick about it?!
'Cause that kind of question usually don't provoke such protracted equivocation and nervous grins you know
Man, I ain't even off the train two minutes and already I got some guy thinkin' I'm touched in the head!
He is definitely envisioning a simple apartment decorated with owl posters yeah
Dang, man! Fatherhood, huh?
You even see the delivery?
Yeah, I was right there with the midwife.
So what does a human baby look like right when it first comes out? Spill it, O!
Like a dead booger that learned how to scream.
Did you see Eraserhead
I tell you, man. A baby cat comes out, it's like,
"Meow, people. Meow. Shit be good on this fine day."
Comparing a human to a cat is like comparing Deep Blue to one of those shoes that people with clubfoot wear.
Hey, man, don't knock my I-Quizzie.
183 is serious times, dogg.
You belong to Mensa?
Oh hell no, man. I hate watchin' unshaved librarians do the limbo under some dude's cane.
That's vivid! You went to a Mensa meeting, didn't you! Admit it!
Don't ask me stuff, man! You just had a baby! Be cool!
You went to a Mensa meeting and tried to smooth some broad with a bag of raisins in her purse!
Ain't you gotta talk on the phone to your mom about how the baby opened its left eye or something?
Grrr! Roas' beef! Mmmmm!
Grrr! GRRRR!
RRRR! RRRR!
Ahem! Guess who died this morning?
Who, Lie Bot?
None other than Mr. Johnny Cash!
No way!
The Man in Black?
Mercy!
DID SENOR CASH DO HIS PEE PEE?
SI, MARIA!
I TAKE OF
Yo, what's that wicked faggy music you been playin, Téodor?
It's called fingerstyle guitar.
Faggotstyle? Is that what you said? Just now?
Almost. You almost got it right.
Phew, man.
I've been feelin' pretty bad on myself lately, so I'm glad I got somethin' almost right.
It's okay to be dumb, Little Nephew. The world will always need people who buy magazines about car stereos.
Pfsh... yeah, but me? I ain't even that good at it!
You can be the best at anything, if you try. Have you ever cooked spaghetti?
Oh, yeah! I definitely like to cook that! In fact, I have a secret ingredient I use!
Oh, like do you mean half an ounce of tomatoes?
No, dried oregano! Here is that amount, though.
I have a story to tell you about when I was five. According to my mom, I would always hide a hundred and fifty dollars in a package of lightbulbs in the linen closet.
Play this as though the drug-addled starlet of the silver screen is driving fast -- way too fast -- about to plunge to  her brand new 1938 Talbot-Lago through a restraining barrier and into the dark waters of the Pacific, which lie far below. Life has become too much for her... or has it?
"Life has become too much for her"
Chicken!
How the hell did you get into the Fight, Beef?!
Let's just say their database is accessible via any networked computer
You HACKED your way into the Fight?
Still, man, you can't hack a massive furious Nazi from San Bernadino. You got to raise your fists!
I ain't need no Dell Inspirion to bust a man down on into his component pieces
I know you like to read Nate Small and all, but when you ever been in any single fight?
Well would you look at that here we are
Watch this
AUGH!
Dude! What the hell?!
He won't compete but he'll be fine in a few weeks
That part of the leg heals quickly
You did that on purpose?
I ain't Frederick H. Coca-Cola but I do know something about building a brand
Alright you want a hot dog or a Polish or anything
Special delivery for Ray Smuckles!
What's all this, Todd?
That's fifty grams of blow is what it is, grandpa!
Man, you dumbass squirrels ain't nothin' but trouble!
I don't want any of this!
I start doing coke, next thing you know it's a bandana and a needle full of Hi-Five!
Two weeks later I wake up in a tub full of ice, barely able to bid for my own kidneys on eBay!
Ha ha! What show is this?
Today we're acting like humans! Lie Bot?
Hey, look at me! I'm a human! Man, this Jeff Beck album really cooks!
Ha ha!
Hi Lyle!
I'm a human! I invented a voice mail system where "7" means "delete"!
Dang, Beef! ComCast ain't fixed your cable internet yet?!
I don't wanna talk about it
How long's it been since you been on-line, anyway?
Like a million days it seems
What, like you won't know how to use the programs?
No like I'm just gonna freak out
So many sites to catch up on
I feel like I'm just gonna start typin' URLs like crazy
Typin' so fast my fingers blur Browser completely freezin' up
Everyone in the doorway all starin' at me
Single bullet to the base of my skull
ugh... Hello
Téodor! Good morning! It's Ray Smuckles, down at the agency-
I know who you are, Ray.
I was just wondering why you hadn't come in yet today! Can I expect you in a little bit?
Why should I? We don't have any clients, any leads, or any money!
You probably just want me to come in so you can lay me off!
You bastard! I was right!
No! No! That's not it! I...I need some help with the computer!
Tell me what the problem is. I'll tell you how to fix it. I'm not coming in.
The computer is... uh, it's got this weird... YOU'RE LAID OFF SORRY GOODBYE
Hel-
Tina! It's Ray! Listen, I think we need to spend more time apart. Cool? Cool!
You guys want to come see my band's first gig?
What do you call yourselves?
"Sex Funeral"?
A dollar for a shot of Scope?
Lyle, I...Jesus, dude! Don't have a dildo in the house!
Aw, c'mon! Lay off!
What do you even need that for, anyway?
What's it matter? I got it, I have it! I can have anything.
It'll cause problems. It'll get left on a counter or near the yard.
It's neat! You never really see one 'a these. Just tryin' to keep my mind alive, you know?
You found it and you can't part with it because you're a sucker for anything with a motor.
I could hold it against a cappuccino! It might vibrate the cream decoration into a shape people like! You know how some guys can draw a leaf with a toothpick?
No one's going to like anything you do to their coffee with a dildo.
Maybe I'll open a coffee shop for perverts! It takes all kinds, pal!
Yo Beef! Let's do up a little "couples' dinner party" for Connie and that new chick! Make sure she ain't just playing him for a sugar daddy with a bum ticker, you know?
Alright dogg uh I look forward to Chardonnay wine from the appropriate refrigerator and an appeasement of chutneys
Tite, man. My place, tonight, you and Molly and Connie and that chick and me.
Oh ok decent uh how should I dress up I mean I ain't go to a lot of supper parties
Well, she's a stripper so you ain't exactly got to look like one of those dudes from the Dutch Masters box.
Oh man if you go into this thinking of her just as a stripper it could like ramify into the evening in ways you don't mean
It ain't like I'm gonna put a black-light over her seat and announce that the digestif is a Jager shooter from between her tits!
No but like you might assume that she's never heard of having cheese in a salad before and go over the top in acting all worldly and declaiming that cheese in salads "actually dates to the earliest monotheists"
The Hindenburg of walkin' into a room sees ME screwin' this up?! Stay home, dude. I'll brief you later.
Ten bucks says if you see her talkin' to Cornelius too much you absently start flickin' dollar bills out on the tablecloth in front of you
Téodor. Welcome. Very lucky for you that you showed up just now. Congratulations, in a way.
What... what's up, guys?
We've made a discovery. A breakthrough. Please, remove your pants.
We've solved a very large problem that was causing what I estimate to be most of the dissonance in the world
Yeah...
I see the world with perfect clarity! All of its systems are unified in a balanced, eternal cycle!
And notice the internal calm you feel.
I don't even notice myself! I just feel like a part of everything! I have no wants!
Unfortunately the outside world will reject us based on our appearance Therefore I suggest we remain in the pool house indefinitely
Agreed. I had no plans.
If I had plans, they were made by an incorrect life I no longer maintain.
Alright, you gitch'yself on up to your room and finish your homework.
Let me know if you need any help.
Yeah, like YOU could help anyone with their computer science homework! Hah!
What makes you think I can't help you with computer science?
I've seen your computer!
It has scratch marks on the screen from where you try to grab the images that you see and like!
I can do anything I need with the computer, and you'd be wise to admit that to yourself!
Oh yeah? How long did it take Roast Beef to teach you how to buy Dennis Quaid memorabilia on eBay?
That Right Stuff bomber jacket is gonna put you through college, young man!
You mean the Sears bomber jacket I baked in the oven and sold to you for thirty-five hundred dollars?
A+++++! Would Do Business Again! eBay_Ray! LOL in my room! L@FF!
What in the devil is the matter with you two? I've never seen such unmitigated nincompoopery!
That car is the car that Trent Reznor drove in high school! If you get in, you are certain to experience total despair!
And you consider it wise to let Roast Beef into such a contraption.
Ray. Really.
If you hadn't noticed during your lifetime of friendship, Roast Beef already suffers from terrible depression!
I suppose you checked the glove box for weapons he might turn upon himself?
I completely want to use art to convey the image of a skeleton busking in a subway station in post-apocalyptic Paris
Oh no! Alligators! Run, everybody!
But don't worry, they're not too fast on land--
PHILIPPE?
OH MY GOD THEY'RE SO FAST
PHILIPPE!
WAKE UP LITTLE GUY!
WAKE UP!
Oh no! Why are my legs moving so slow?!
HEEELLLP!
WAKE UP!
Wha--? What's happening?
YOU WERE HAVING A NIGHTMARE
Will you turn on the lights please Billy?
OKAY
Philippe's Nightmare Night}}
Where you no-name goons been? Pat's comin' outta the closet! This shit is better than Sopranos!
Sorry uh we got caught up playin' basketball with Emeril and Spongebath you know how insatiable those dudes are
Pat saw the gay pics of himself and that gave him hella pause!
That must have been like a sight outta his most private fantasies brought to life
I...I'm...it's like I'm taking off a lead diving suit! Oh my god, I can feel the anxiety falling away in...in shrouds!
Isn't it wonderful? Couldn't you just scream?
Oh my god, what if I did? I think I will!
Do it, son! Go ahead, scream!
...What's the matter, son?
Oh, screaming is so "new fag." I hate those squealing, mincing, fluttery-fingered fairies who go so over the top when they first come out. They make the rest of us look terrible.
Well! Listen to you already!
I'm serious. It's like dressage: nobody makes it look worse than the amateurs.
Lighten up, Patrick! This is supposed to be a great day for you!
Lighten up? Lighten UP?! Do you realize the kind of crap I have to deal with now that I'm gay?
Patrick, you're supposed to feel liberated.
Liberated? When I can't teach school in Texas or rent a car in Alabama? You call that liberated?!
You've got your blinders on, Simon! You might think the world is just a great big place for you to buy belts and Sangiovese, but people like me take things a little more seriously!
What did you think about today
I should go to Starbucks... They have that new cashier with... with the... with the new body to look at
Why did Ray email me a link to a "Chicks with Dicks" website at 4am? He didn't even write a note
"Doggs with hogs", "Gents with implements"
"Dudes with justified attitudes", "Jerks with the works"
Wow, I'm good at this. Did Circus Penis lie to me because he sensed I had more talent than him?
He saw another rebel, bound to revolutionize the adult film industry the way he once had done...
Soon.
But instead of playing the mentor, he played the enemy and burned a bridge he knew I'd find one day... Coward.
Téodor, what's the worst name in the world?
Probably Hermish Glockensmermer Ippy.
Cool! Thanks!
Maybe he's dying and wants to go out on top... knows I'll find my way without him... His next of kin may have a letter for me somewhere...
Oh, Jesus. What nonsense. Besides, who wants to be in an industry where you have to count on chicks who are fine about getting laid with their head in a toilet?
Yaaaaaaaawn! Yawn yawn yawny-yawn!
Oh, that's right! I put 2,000 Flushes in the toilet last night! I can't wait to see the great blue color that it made!
Hooray, man! Today already rocks!
Man, that is one hell of a beautiful color. Bless the baby angel who is in charge of days like today.
Roast Beef! Get up here! Check out this!
What
You want to go on a little mini vacation to paradise? Come look in my toilet, dude!
Dang man I feel like there should be a little paper umbrella and some Bob Marley music
Wait right here! I'm gonna bring up the hibachi and call the fellows!
R-R-Ray! I need six million bucks!
Excuse me, Todd?
T-T-Ta start this company I been dreamin' of! Ana-Tomix Car Concepts! I'm comin' to you first!
Anatomical car concepts, huh. Like those fake nutbags they got for hangin' off trailer hitches?
Yeah! Yeah! 'zzzackly! But dicksacks for cars is only the beginnin'!
Okay, okay. I'm listening.
I got this idea called Boy Dog! It's a modified brown golf bag you can strap unnerneath your ride!
Uh huh. And this represents the actual dog phallus, not just the dog's oat tote?
Yeah! Yeah! 'zzzackly! The whole ka-doodle!
Okay, alright. Keep goin'.
Well, that's my main best idea for n-n-now.
Okay then. Well. What I typically offer entrepreneurs at this stage is guidance, and maybe a tiny seed, or "angel," investment.
Whatever you got, m-m-man!
Todd, "Boy Dog" is compelling, but it doesn't cover the market. What about "Girl Dog?"
Téodor! We gonna take off now! It was a real good time, dig?
Téodor? Naw, baby -- he's out cold. What's in the box?
A secret, huh? Well, that's real sweet of you. Yeah, we'll make sure he gets it. Who can we say it's from?
Okay, Penny. Drive safe now.
My name's Ray, by the way.
Man, these Gilmore Girls just talk too goddamned much!
If you don't like it, you can go do something else.
Seriously, man! Who writes this shit?
Nerdy bitches on speed?
I find the brisk dialogue to be a welcome departure from the usual prime-time babble.
This show stone cold blows! I'm gonna go outside and have a smoke.
you can stay in here and watch this show that totally /sucks/!
holy fuckin' hell, Pat! What are you doin' outta prison? What the shit?
Ray, man! We gotta get inside! We can't be seen!
Well /all fuckin' right/, man! Just come into the goddamned house already!
Crap, dude!
Mom was faster by thirty seconds this time
Dryer One is only half a minute behind Dryer Two
I wonder if she's getting me a Happy Meal
That would be so awesome
Young man, are you able to write?
Uh yes sir
Could you please take down a letter to my brother?
okay
Dear Neal, I want to say God bless you and everyon around you, and those who are not with you, and I have just returned from Placerville, where the Lord did bless me with much work to be done, and the car is running well. I have not spoken to Patricia in many years but she is taking to her work well and is growing happier with what is become of her. I know it will only be time before all is right again. Please hold the Lord in your heart and know His salvation. Merry Christmas. Eugene.
Is this postage stamp twenty cents?
Uh huh
Thank you for your help, young man. Here is a present for you. If you ever have need of a little help of your own, he is a friend of mine, and he has done good things for many people.
a doo-da doo-da doo-da doo!
Heh! Oh my God! Dog shit!
Man, how long has it even been?
Hey Beef, man, You won't believe I just stepped
So, you are gettink pre-nup agreement before weddink, yes?
Oh dogg uh we really ain't that kind of people you know
Bah! Is nonsense talk. What if she is cheatink on you, givink all her love to mailman?
Dude have you ever taken a long hard look at a mailman
O. K., but what if YOU do mess-ups and make sexies on top of babysitter? Molly, she takes shoppink spree on aisle Roast Beef!
If I let a babysitter touch me on the jazz hose then I probably deserve to lose it all
You are sayink that now, but you go ten years without boff from wife and see THEN how you feel about gettink some hot porky cha-cha from nubile girl of swim team!
Man the only way a teenage girl would try to score with me would be for a science fair project about scoring with gross fellows
It is only takink one, home boy.
Whoah! Is that a movie of my birth, Lie Bot?
It sure is!
It's a boy!
Wow! What else do you have?
I also have a movie of your death - April 28, 2005.
Show me!
It's not the sort of thing a guy oughtta watch, you know?
Whatever. I don't believe you. Can I watch a litte more of this birth footage?
Please do
I wasn't born with armpit hair!
How would you know?
YAH! YAHH! Look at the GENIUS! Look at him stand in his ROOM!
Alright Ray we gonna do somethin' kind of nutty to catch him. What's the biggest speaker you got at your house right now
Huh. Let's see… I think the 22' Jackhammer Subwoofer I just put in the Escalade. It's 6,000 watts.
Go fetch it and get back here snappity
Check it out, dude! It's so heavy I had to use Mr. Wheels!
Oh dang I ain't seen Mr. Wheels in basically forever. Anyhow on three we roll this in front of his door okay
How's this gonna work? Are we going to knock him out with bass, like that one villain in Krunkman Kronicles?
No man we gonna use this massive magnet against him
One Two Three!
AGH!
Hey babe! Mind if I turn down the music?
OH UH OH uh hey uh I didn't realize you would not be at work because you are supposed to be at work right now !
Some new kid accidentally made a hand-flavor Frappuccino in the blender, so they gave us the rest of the day off.
Oh, good! You're using the little electronics kit I got you! And you made a little... blinky-ring! I love it! Can I wear it?
Oh this uh oh it's nothin' I mean sure if you like you can wear it
I was just messin' around tryin' to remember my resistor color codes
Dang, look at that bling! Congratulations! I KNEW he was gonna pop the question this week!
Ah, congratulations indeed! Not twenty-four hours ago Roast Beef confided in me that your engagement was imminent!
I accidentally married Roast Beef Kazenzakis today!
I should tell him. He'll sleep on his bad side and have acid tummy if I don't.
Hey everybody, let's get hats!
Philippe?
How fun!
Mr. Bear?
Marvelous!
Lyle?
Lyle?
Hey! Don't you knock?
Hold on -- you have a blog?
I certainly do.
Why in the hell would anyone want to read your stupid opinions?
Well, LYLE, unlike the print and broadcast news, bloggers enjoy a remarkable, unfiltered freedom of expression.
And how many morons read your site every day? Six?... /seven?/
I have many readers.
Do your server logs tell you if they're wearing clear plastic diapers and pink pylons on their heads?
Are you mocking my work?
Well I guess we got to place an order for Chinese delivery if we want anything to eat
Mmm! Let's call Jade Garden!
Oh no way I heard they put mega ding dongs in their food!
Is that right?
Oh yeah one time my friend ordered the combination fried rice and there was like just one small piece of beef and in excess of seven ding dongs!
Well, maybe we could just order vegetarian dishes!
I heard that if you try that the chef gets mad and draws ding dongs all over the cartons and receipt and everything
Really? You heard that?
Oh yeah one time my friend tried that and in the fortune cookie was just this FURIOUS lookin' drawing of a ding dong
Dad! It's me, Ray! From... from Sondra, you know!
Easy, boy. Don't rap mush with me.
you in the goggles. What's your name.
Uh hello Mr. Smuckles my name is Roast Beef
Hush, Roast Beef.
Yes sir
They told me my boy was int eh Fight this year! I been up in that tower since they raised the gate, watchin' you two.
How'd we do, dad? How'd we look?
Roast Beef, do I have to hush him?
Hush Ray
You two's tight since small times, ain't you. Always fightin' as a team, Roast Beef usin' brains, Ray usin' brawn...
Problem IS, only one man can win this Fight!
It's okay, dad, Beef said he'd lay it down for me! I'm gonna drop him easy.
I though you rookies might get up to as much. A lay-down ain't gonna fly with the men in the tower, you realize. They see anything short of a cold, ruthless ass-beatin', they'll bring out the Jeeps.
Oh not the Jeeps no Ray we ain't goin' that route please
But... but I can't beat real on Beef! He's my oldest friend!
If that's the arrangement, you got to beat him 'till his blood runs, boy. You got to beat him 'till he can't crawl, see, or cry. Those are the rules, and all eyes are on you.
Look, Beef! I just drew all these dots around my arm like I was Frankenstein!
Oh uh you should place the dots more at your joints you know
Okay...but still - pretty cool, huh!
Also you got to have bolts on both sides of the neck to serve as your positive and negative terminals
Another nice touch would be molasses to mimic congealed blood around the stitches
Here is a pretty good shot of Cocktail Recipes. He is the little man who wanders around our house, offering cocktails. Do you want a drink with two different kinds of vermouth, or perhaps a live goldfish? Cocktail Recipes is your man. His voice is virtually identical to that of Mickey Mouse. I love him so much.
So dogg uh how was England
Kind of weird. It's like, the color of everything there is just slightly notgood enough.
And the celebrities, they're not as good as real celebrities. They all look like middle-school teachers who don't know about conditioner.
Like if you took them off the TV they'd seem right at home with a brown plastic tray and a tiny carton of milk ?
READERS FROM THE UNITED STATES: THESE ARE ACTUAL, "A-LIST' BRITISH CELEBRITIES, LIKE OUR WOODY HARRELSON
Uh huh, exactly. Plus maybe a small bowl of pears in syrup.
I bet in England though folks come up to those people and are all like COO COO CLUCK CLUCK SIGN ME BOOK PLEASE
CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S REALLY YOU
Yeah...being an English celebrity is kind of like being an Italian car: you can go about eighty miles in any one direction before everybody stops caring who you are and just gets mad at you for smoking.
When'd you know it was over... or did you?
Sigh
Me'n the boys were gettin' firm on brew down at the Beeter-Bub, and she came lookin' for me. She was already stewin' pretty good herself.
So, how was she? 'Dja fuck 'er? Don't lie to me, Lyle! You think yer so much better'n me? Well you ain't! You's just a goddamn bastard!
What'n hell are you talkin' about, Darlene?
The cable company called again, ya damn idjit! And it was HER! Oh, I caught you, Lyle. I caught you but good this time.
They call cause I never remember to pay the damn bill! You don't get mad when the guy from the phone company calls!
Well maybe you're secretly a FAGGOT and that's why you never pay that bill neither!
I think I gotta go take care 'a this, Wolcott.
That's fine, and that's good, and you do watcha gotta do, Lyle. I'll be here at the Beeter-Bub.
One thing, though.
What's that?
I'd no sooner put you two in a room right now than I'd microwave two tin cups 'a whiskey.
Ser'sly, Lyle. Hackles 'n fangs on Saturday, tail down on Sundy. Let that one digest her firewater and what she don't remember she'll hope you forget.
You take his advice? It sounds pretty sage, actually.
Yeah, I did. I was lazy.
I saw her two more times after that.
Two more times?
I saw Wolcott one more time.
dang-i thought these things were supposed to totally kill you
Daaamn, Doc Andretti drives a green Miata? I thought doctors had good cars...
Do... do not DO this! You are havink such DICKNESS, Lie Bot!
Whaat, whaat? Ya bother me!
Jesus, dude! Nobody EVER figures out how to kill the doner kebab guy that fast! What planet are you from?
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
See how Taffy's milk-fog clears when he engages the lightnin' box with the stupid man's child, Mother.
Perhaps now's the time to book return passage for Taffy's new friend, Father.
A doctor should have at least an SL or a 5-Series. A Miata is Hasbro. Maybe he got it during residency and is just keeping the battery alive until his gardener asks for it?
You... you're not even looking, fucker!
HAHhahaHAHhahaHAHhahaHAhaha
Better not... too risky...
Ouch... Ouch... Ouch... Ouch...
Oh, I am so not doing this. That's your father?
Yes, I told you he'd be here. You've had plenty of time to think about whether you're ready.
We're wearing the same shirt, carob lips, and he's Heidi Klum to my QE2. I'll be in the car.
I'll make Roast Beef a quick little fake one. He'll get a laugh out of it and I can say I'm sorry.
There! Perfect. It ain't get more Beef than that!
Whoops--oh, crap. Accidentally sent that to Roane Shaughnessy at Channel 7 News...damn auto-complete!
Look what the cat dragged in! Actually, it...IS cats! AND, this hilarious new fad, "lolcatting," has copy-"cats" all over the Internet...or should I say...cat's cradle of Cat 5? At least, that's how the Internet looks under THIS cool cat's desk! Take this little gray fellow, here...
Who ate all the honey-roasted peanuts I left on the coffee table?! I was looking forward to having some when I came inside!
I think I saw Al Pacino grab a handful on his way to Téodor's room.
Al Pacino is in Téodor's room?! Oh my gosh!
Yeah. They're looking over some screenplay that Téodor wrote.
He did say that he wanted to pay back whoever the peanuts belonged to. He was kind of insistent.
Oh boy. I couldn't ask Al Pacino to pay me back for eating those peanuts! He would think I was small-time!
Al is a very generous man, Philippe. I bet when he sees that you're just a kid, he does something really special for you! I bet he takes you under his wing!
IN THE IMAGINATION:
So! What do you want to do when you grow up, Philippe? Whole big world out there!
Oh, uh...Mozart! I want to be smart like Mozart!
Aw, now you're just telling me what you think I want to hear. You're a sweet kid.
How's my new sign coming, Phillippe?
All done!
Dang, that ain't how you spell "sandwiches"!
It's not?
No, little guy! Here --
--like this!
Oh! I see!
I can't hear this! Ray, give me that damn pen!
What's the matter, Pat?
There! There! Sandwiches! That is how you spell Sandwiches!
You sure aout that, Pat? Looks kinda funny to me.
LATER THAT AFTERNOON
Hi Mom! Say, how do you spell "sandwiches"?
You just spell it any old way you want dear and the good lord God will provide
Having plumbed the depths of the man, I finished our session, frustrated.
People hella wig on ahi, but to me it just don't taste like much. Emperor has no clothes.
Everyone's like, "Oh Japanese guy, you are not American so your tasting must be so much better than mine!"
"I hate myself for only liking hot crusty steaks! I am dumb!"
As we parted, he mentioned that he did not care if I completed his biography.
'Sall the same to me, homeness.
I am an honest man of my word, though, so I had no choice but to publish something. Anything.
In the end I decided on a format that would suit my patron best.
Ray Smuckles The Brochure with Peter H. Cropes, known author
My biography honored him as well as his life could allow.
ABSTRACT Ray Smuckles, a good man, was born hot and licked clean by his momma. The rest is history. MAIN DETAILS Ray makes his living as a "mutual conduit" between "rap" and "the extremely entertained." Ray has an URL, though he can't precisely remember it. He 'aint in the way of computers too hard.
Waterbury, um, are you a secret agent instead of a butler?
Sir?
My cordless phone accidentally picked up your call to the Queen last night.
Ah, I see...
Yes, Mr. Smuckles. I am sorry to have deceived you, but the safety of the crown was at stake.
So this whole time you could have like done judo and kicked me on the face?
SOON.
It has been a most unique opportunity, Mr. Smuckles. Best of luck.
You need a couple bucks for the road?
Thank you, but I have been well remunerated for my time here. Ta.
Oh, look. He forgot his newspaper!
LONDON MORNING STAR
So you gettin' cold feet about movin' in with Molly, huh?
It's a hard thing to reverse is all
If it doesn't work out there are hell of bad times while you sort out whose copy of Achtung Baby is whose
And what about the colander I bought that only she uses I mean what do you do about that
You're thinkin' too far ahead, Beef. Just do it, and if you don't dig it, you can stay in my pool house 'til it all blows over.
But what about Molly where would she go
You feel like you got to take care of everybody, man. That chick probably needs you like she needs a hot shovel.
Man I couldn't let her rent a place all by herself what if the landlord quoted her false terms
Well, what do you think?
How come you would chose a harlequin as your halloween costume Ray
It's a good costume, man! It symbolizes a clown!
But since you have the choice why not be like Captain Morgan or Charlie Watts you know...Both guys are seen as hotter than a clown
A clown is incredibly hot, fool!
Why you think moms always hire clowns for they kids' parties?! Kids hate clowns! But Moms know that a clown packs!
Man don't kid yourself nobody thinks that a clown packs
Dude, I paid eight hundred bucks for this. Is it a total loss?
Depends on how many coconut rum drinks you let the Michelin Man buy you
Maybe I'll just hold my breath until I die!
This isn't working at all!
Retard!
I'm ready, doff. I'm callin' Garfield.
Alright Ray No mercy
Hey Garfield! Is this Garfield?
Yesss? And who is thisss?
You cold have a peter in your mouth
Ummm, excuse me?
Garfield, you gotta wrap it up, man. Lasagna, Mondays, people have it all figured out. You are kind of like an idiot who keeps pressing the same button.
Uhhhh thanks, but we're not exactly looking for your INput!
Say it! You don't even try anymore!
Ugh. What-ever. YAAAWN
Hey Garfield!
What?
up yours Garfield
Well, Ray, the MRI didn't turn up anything. I'd like to do one last test, a video colonsocopy.
Anything, doc. Whatever you think is necessary.
So, you know, we're evaluating a new piece of equipement -- the Sanryobuki RemoteMed "Trio." It examines three patients at once and is guided by a doctor in Japan.
I got to have this wiuth two other dudes at the same time?
It's not cost-effective to operate it with any vacancies. I hope you don't mind.
Holy crap! Cornelius? Lyle? What are you guys doin' in here waitin' for videol colonoscopies?
Precisely that! Lyle let me treat him to an exam - one must look after one's prostate, after all!
I'm gettin' up there in years
Ray! Ray! Wait! I found out! It wasn't your Magreaux dog! It was a fake!
Téodor? What are you talkin' about? This ain't funny, dude.
After you left, I followed the dog! It ran a few blokcs and jumped into a big red Bentley with the license plate CAVIAR!
Bensington Butters!
Yeah! Yeah! He even called the dog The Talented Mr. Smuckles! He and his posse were laughing their asses off!
That son of a bitch set this whole thing up?!
So long, fellows. No colonoscopy for me today. I got business to attend to.
Ray? I can't start the machine without three men. The Japanese.
It's your lucky day, T!
Téodor! I say, good show! It's never too eearly to consider one's prostate.
I'm sorry - Lyle, is it? - The Japanese technician wants to know if you've done any.... I 'm thin he's saying... acting?
Dude, what are you wearing? That ain't like you!
Man check this out these are so nice Molly made me some aluminum foil undies to keep all the cancer-causin' cell phone electromagnetic signals outta my privates
You know, I been readin' a lot about that lately.
Yeah but even on the double-plus side is this cantilever phone unit holder Makes it feel like there is a really nice familiar weight hangin' off the front of your body
Itchy leg syndrome, like amputees get! Missin' something that ain't there!
Damn, talk about the missing link! Havin' that weight hangin' there is totally releasin' wonderful hormones in my brain!
I know don't you just feel like a king
Dogg! What if, in prehistoric times, everyone had large dongs?
Right like they might have got smaller during the last ice age so as not to release so much essential heat
But, to this day, we miss them! No wonder society is so screwed up! *We're all standing around wondering where our real dongs are!*
But look at us we are feeling all Zen-like because we have triggered the release of a long-lost bliss hormone
It's like, when a guy in traffic is honking, in a way he is actually *crying out for his own dong!*
"Will you marry me"
The high school film shows atom bomb test footage where shocked houses lean back then explode
Jesus man it's like we walk around with dynamite in our mouths
"I have a gun. Put the money in the bag."
"Will you marry me"
"Tell the pilot there is a bomb on this plane"
Built just like regular sentences, these sentences can in an instant transform forever the life of their speaker!
Ok, I finished shooting his "top" footage. He's taking a shower.
Nice. Alright, time to film me bustin' through the wall and yellin' at him. Then you can edit this all together, year?
s-sup
Right. Now go into the next room, and turn out the lights before busting in. It'll look better on film if you come in in from the dark
Right, totally. You sure I can bust down this wall, right? We only got one take, you know.
These walls are just fifty year-old sheetrock. They'll crumble like dried sand.
Huh...what should I yell...Wait, what direction do I go in, even? Crap, dude.
Alright, Ray! Rolling! Battery's dying, no time to waste!
Saaaay, why's the couch in the front hallway? Crazy!
They are gettink rid of it!
What do you mean? It's going to someone else's house?
Goes on trash heap today! Bulldozer make it into total puckey!
They're throwing it awway?! Nooo! NOO! They can't!
This couch, Philippe...Is preety raunchy. Why the tears?
It's been here since I have! I always play and read my books on it!
If we throw it away it will feel so hurt and lonely!
Ah, I see, little guy. Vlad understand.
Cry, CRY! Let it out! To keep this pain inside, is to die!
To love, to hurt! Is life! Is way of world! Cry, Philippe! Become a man! Become ALIVE!
Now say goodbye to couch! Be stronk! Everythink must end, Philippe! YOU MUST HAF STRENGTH TO BE A MAN!
b...bye couch...I love you! I'll always remember you!
ENOUGH! Now, we drink! We feast! We spit on the face of death for another day! BAH!
Téodor, where do you think they took the couch today?
Probably to the transfer station over in the marshes.
Let's see... sheriff's bady, pork and beans, ladle... all set!
Man Ray doesn't have to go through any of this stomach-achin' existential mess and lose his soup in the sink in stolen moments besides
Dang and Jesus already I am being idiotic about this why can't I just type up a pro/con list like a half-ways logical man
Okay then. Let's run some tests. We got to see what the optimal weight to hang off the front of the body is.
Sciencize it cool
Here, I'm going to put a big plastic cup where my phone holder is, and you pour water into it one ounce at a time. I'll notice how I feel as the cup gets heavier.
Alright dogg there is one ounce how does that feel
Normal. I feel really normal.
Alright that's two
Whoa! Night and day! One more ounce and I feel FOUR times happier.
Huh seems to be exponential Alright here's three
Can't we prank Cathy TOMORROW? I'm tired.
She's the last on the list come on Ray
All right. But I ain't got a lotta firepower.
You won't need it.
Hello- Cathy?
Hello! This is Cathy! Ack!
Now I gently push you back against the pillows.
Ack! It's just Johnson & Johnson! No More Tears!!! It's all I use!
Cathy...
So, Roast Beef, what are you gonna buy with your first million?
I kind of need to get a new mouse-pad this one's all dilapidated
That's it?! You gotta think big, Beef! You gotta buy a baseball team or a Bentley or something!
I guess I would open a home for scared people
Ray Smuckles
Todd T. Squirrel
Cornelius Bear
Philippe
Téodor Orezscu
Oh how genius to have the invitation and program all in one man I TOTALLY saved cash - I am the graphic designer of the AGE
Get while the gettin's good they say
I don't get it, Billy! How come I have to say so many cusses?
SAYING CUSSES IS POWER
He's right ya know!
WHO ARE YOU LITTLE ONE
I'm T-T-Todd! And believe you me, I know the power of a cuss!
YOU DO, DO YOU GOOD MAN
TODD DID YOU KNOW THAT AN UNBORN CHILD CAN STILL SENSE CUSSES AND BE HURT BY THEM
Yeah, of course! Of course!
IT'S TRUE THEY HOOK THE MOTHER UP TO A MACHINE THAT CAN SEPARATE TEARS FROM AMNIOTIC FLUID
Right, right!
IN CASES WHERE THERE IS CUSSING THE FLUID IS SHOWN TO BE UP TO 7 PERCENT DILUTED WITH TEARS
Hey, this ain't news to me, pal!
I can break a ruler!
Technically, I am a geek, not a nerd, as I did not excel at all studies but mainly technical ones.
Beef, I know you were looking at her chest. It bugs me more that you're lying about it.
How do you know I wasn't just looking at her necklace
Fine, then. What was it made out of?
Jewelry
Hi! I don't mean to be rude, but were you looking at my necklace?
Oh uh yes why I think it is good !
I bead these myself! Can I show you a few samples, if you're interested?
I think you've shown him enough for one day, Bossie.
Excuse me?
You heard me!
Go away !
Oh, tum-ta-hummmtumtum!
What's up with Cornelius lately?
I don't know but he is humming hell of ditties
I think he's been winning a lot of money off of Ray at pool.
Well all you need for that is two hands and some arms
Is Ray really bad at pool or something?
Dude's game stinks so bad families in cars roll up the windows
A dog raises its hackles if Ray's game comes toward it
If Ray's game touches some eggs the mother bird will kill the eggs
Ray's game is melted down chili pepper nailed to a board
Okay, I get it.
Ray should wear a leather mask and shoot 8-ball in a cage in the traveling circus sideshow
Hay all on the floor
A man has a whip
Watch this!
Yikes! You need to get rid of all this baggage, Beef!
You're never gonna wear any of these!
GIVE ME AN F
Dang man but don't I know it
I got a weakness for Slogan T's I guess
I'LL BE THE FIRST TO ADMIT...
I HAVE A HUGE CRUSH ON LIV TYLER
Uh you got to admit Téodor she looks just like an angel
Okay, but what's up with this one?
WHO'S FAT?
ME.
Yeah uh it's my first time I mean like I always seen the signs but it ain't I mean it wasn't what I thought was okay to do.
Honey, never worry that I won't understand. Just be calm, and keep an open mind.
I'll just sit back and keep outta your way then I mean you're the pro.
Oh my God. Oh my God.
That line there... The Lash of Thanatos, the one that cuts right through your Life line... I... I've never seen it in person.
I have to ask that you never come back here again. Please, go. Go.
Jesus Ray this ain't much of a time man is this important
I'm in a bad place, Beef. I screwed somethin' up pretty big, actually. Rally 'round a brother?
Oh uh of course dude just give me the 411 and I'm there
Soon.
Hey, man. I need you to emcee this lesbian erotica contest I got about to start. Wear this, cool?
God dammit Ray do you know what kind of day I'm havin' and you just said WHAT to me?!
FOUR... THREE... TWO...
Sorry, man, too late! Just read the lines off the teleprompter!
The preparation of notes and the clearing of throats. The battle is about to begin.
Lie Bot, what is the saddest thing?
You sure you're ready?
I...I think so, this time.
Okay, but I warned you.
Yes. I agree.
The saddest thing is when the toilet from an abandoned space station falls back to earth, lands upside-down on a child who was playing alone in the backyard, and smooshes them into the shape of half a hard-boiled egg.
Nooo!
Awp!
...And when they lift the toilet off of the child, two lips at the top of the bloody mound say, on their dying breath, "I love you, mommy."
Hi! Waterbury? Ray Smuckles!
Good afternoon, Mr. Smuckles. It is a pleasure to meet you, sir.
So, things didn't go too good with James Brown, huh?
I am a patient man, sir, but I found his commitment to our shared reality rather wanting.
Huh! What finally put you over the edge?
I regret to admit, sir, that despite my best guidance, the man could so much as look in the mirror without the matter resulting in a high-speed police chase.
I mean it's just going to turn out to be a pretty short book is all Well of course I am writing to my strengths
Yeah I know you let me choose my own topic you ain't got to keep repeating that Onstad
Oh Jesus I knew he was gonna ask
Well uh I guess it's about a page and a half including a sidebar where Harry discusses coulombs with a whispering pillar of light
Yes coulombs are "germane" did they teach you that word at Talk Like a Dick school
You can pretend all you want but I did just say that
No I ain't being defensive you are Okay Mr. Funnylaffs I give up what do they say about guys with incredibly small novels
Dang lady why you pushin on me
You were snoring so loud I thought you were going to suck the top of your head down your throat!
Well I would have stopped snoring in that case and plus I would not have been pushed
It can't be good for you to breathe that way all night. It's so violent. I'm going to sew a tennis ball into the back of your shirt.
What so you can hit me with a tennis racquet instead of just pushing
No, it keeps you from sleeping on your back, so you can't snore.
Sounds more like it would just keep me from wearing that shirt
Beef! Come on.
I tell you what let's sew a tennis ball to the front of my shirt and a racquet to the front of yours and work on our Serrrrve!
Goodnight, jerk.
Screw you, parents! I'm gonna say a five-pound cuss on ham radio and rent a P.O. Box!
Talk hard! Say opinions! Adults will never understand us! The principal hates idiots! Gimme a call, Scottsdale!
Wake up! Wake up!
Wha...? What is it, Lie Bot?
Flavor Flav's here! He wants to see you!
Really? Wow!
He has a blinking tooth!
That's so awesome!
Philippe! You wanna see a neat trick?
Really?
Come with me! We gonna go visit Roast Beef!
Oh boy!
Roast Beef! Philippe wants to see how small you can make your eyes.
Oh you mean these eyes
Alright Téodor I'm going to tell you a joke now
Man, he's really loosening up! It's so, so weird to be buddies with a murderer.
A man walks out of the dentist's office
But it's also kind of a cool, dangerous feeling.
The dentist has just charged him a HUGE amount of money for some very simple work
I wonder if it's safer to know him or not know him
So he gets in his van and there are tears of frustration pouring down his face
He is screaming he is so mad
Whoah, I'd better pay attention to this joke
He gets the engine up to 8,000 RPMs and pops the clutch
The van plows through the dentist's office and completely destroys all the workers
Wait a minute...
That just happened over at Hidden Hills Medical Center this morning!
Here are some of their hands
ARF! AFF! RAFF!
What? What is it, Lassie.com?!
RAFF! ARF! AFF!
Little NEPHEW? In the jacuzzi?! Oh my god!
RAFF!
noooOOOOOO!
Hey, dammit! We TALKED about this!
God, is Lyle clipping his nails on the couch again? That bugs the hell out of me.
Dude, don't clip your nails on the couch! That's like peeing in the sink, or puking in the dishwasher! It might not seem like a big deal to the person doing it, but it is!
Wow, hat trick! And it ain't even noon!
FUCK YOU, MIKE!
SHUT UP!
FUCK YOU!
FUCK YOU, JASON!
Damn, Lyle! I forgot Tina's birthday again!
Hold on - I thought her birthday was like in the spring?
Oh, it is. But I got all drunk once and promised her that she had another one on September 26th, "as far as I was concerned."
Lord, what else've you promised that woman?
Sheesh... lessee... There was that 85-story Bloomingdale's in my backyard... THAT never got built... The year before that I said Martha Stewart would come over and sing and cook us dinner... I even got GROCERIES for that one... jeeez...
So since when do you know how to cook "Monkfish", Ray?
Baby, Martha Stewart is comin' over to cook us this ugly-ass fish!
And this one time I even dressed up like a damn strawberry and sat in a big tub of cream! ...wait, that wasn't her birthday. I was all alone that night.
Hey, you're writing again! It's been a while, hasn't it?
Téodor! Oh, ah. Yes. My agent insists there is some money to be made emulating some poop named Lemony Snicket.
Mind if I take a look?
You know the drill.
Judge the audience, not the author. Natch.
Enjoy. I'll be in the oven.
Heh! Horrible things are happening for no reason!
West Africa
Caribbean
agronomy
Central Africa
10% infant mortality rate
off Brazilian Coast
Libraries where people fuck
See here, if you store your tea kettle with an inch of water in it, it will catch any ambient grease or dust before it creates a hard-to-clean residue on the interior.
The HELL I just walked home from Mexico! Somebody cook me some damn Emeril food!
Ray?
Emeril food! Now! Why come ain't nobody stuffin' a lasagna inside a turkey! Where's the butter? Put butter on what I said!
What happened to you?! Do you need a doctor?
Goodness, Ray! You've been missing for weeks!
What I NEED is a steak sandwich so big it's got a snout at one end and a tail at the other! Four damn leg holes in the bun! Just walk it to the table and shoot it!
Right, right! I'll turn on the stove! Good lord!
Pray tell what happened, Ray?
I was gonna walk home from Mexico, but after a few miles I decided not to, and then I lost my wallet in a damn stream! How you like them shakes?
Goodness! Why didn't you wire for help?
You think they just let any old deranged freak with plastic bag shoes use the phone at Western Union?!
I believe it's the cornerstone of their business model.
I didn't call 'cause a player has his pride. This particular player also has a spider bite so big I should probably get it tennis lessons. Excuse me.
It was nice of Philippe to make this miniature golf hole for us.
Except there's no cup to hit it into.
Hey Philippe! How do you play this hole?
You have to hit it to this end!
And then what?
Huuugs!
Damn, man. I think Tina wants to get back with me.
What makes you say that?
Oh, nothin'... just this MIX TAPE.
Sheesh. How many "Tony, Toni, Toné" songs can a dude listen to.
You guys always get back together. When are you gonna make it legit?
Enough already! Why don't I call in some Boston Market.
Oh! Yeah!
Oh heck if that isn't my cell phone dang it
WHAT oh uh hey Molly what's up
Hey, Beef! Can you get me a couple things while you're at the store?
Oh god please no don't say it
Open the bomb bay doors, Ray
huuuuugs
Hug the Fuck out of 'em Philippe!
Good LORD, Ray! When did you learn to play like that?
Téodor! Just the man I been wantin' to see!
Listen, T, do you think we can use that computer of yours to whip me up a CD?
Sure!
Good-bye Achewood, Hellllll-o Hollywood!
Alright, I've gotta bail. I'm making dinner tonight.
Alright, T!
Here, man! Take this banjo and practice some while I come up with new lyrics.
Oh, and take my spare two-way mobile so you can lay it on your dresser and we can jam hands-free later!
Ring!
Alright, man! I figured out MUCH good-timey lyrics! Hit it!
THE HEART OF THE CHRISTIAN SHALL RUN THICK WITH THE SEWAGE OF SODOM! THE HOG SHALL LAY WITH THE PRAWN!
AAAIIIIIGHT!
whump
Ray?
Dang, man! How come I"m lyin' on the floor? Why's it so smoky all up ins?
Maybe 'cause you're stoned and think it's funny to lead me on like I can be in your big hit band, asshole!
Wow, a banjo! Will you play me a song, Téodor? Please? Pretty pleeease!
$28.95
@8.25% $2.89
$31.34
2 meet up with Todd and do some drinkin': 5 did Crawler D really do jojo last night?: 14)
6 bitch owes me money from tuesday: 7)
8)
9)
10 let it slide it's pint jacks night and I ain't want to get booted: 13)
12)
58 AM - TWO SCOUNDRELS GOT FRESH WITH A CHAIN-SMOKING TRAILER PIXIE WHO LATER ATTACKED THEM WHEN THEY SAID THAT HER ARMS WERE ALL SKINNY AS A DOG'S LEG
Man, I ain't lost. I been at Tina's.
What do you mean, they put up a sign? What's it say?
MOMENTS LATER
Hell yes I can still sport wood!
Let's say you on the road, you know, and you ain't got your crew with you.
It's like escorts, yeah, but instead of fingerless elbow-length gloves and gettin' in the bed, these boys show up "Crackin' OEs and Packin' PS3s."
Yeah, man. We ahd to come up with disclaimers out the wazoo. Here's just one page of 'em:
Our Homeboys will wear
Our Homeboys' jeans will
Yeah...you're right. Insistin' that they snap a pic of an already off-contract player's barn door could open up a whole host 'a trouble.
I...I think we'll just strike all language as pertains to that issue.
Right...last thing I need is militant players on my front lawn wavin' KEEP YOUR LAWS OFF MY BARN DOOR signs and torchin' perfectly good Tommys.
Ray. I wanted to give you first dibs on the rights to one of my patents.
Ooh, okay. Here, let's talk over here.
So what's the story, Lie Bot?
I'm looking to sell the rights to the Shitandle.
Hm. I'll need to know what that is.
It's a candle that burns itself out after five minutes, in case you forget about it after you take a shit. You follow me?
Extremely interesting. Would need to change the name for mass-marketing, though.
Oh my god! See? You're perfect for this! You're a total business genius. -- TIME magazine's cover story: "Ray Smuckles, Old-Fashioned Genius."
Wow. Yeah.
Let's go over the paperwork tomorrow afternoon. You free?
Hmm... tomorrow... what's on my plate tomorrow...
Roast Beef! How do I protect my computer from Spy-Ware?
Oh uh you got to download Ad-Aware from Lavasoft.de
So I just download it and it gets all the problems away?
sigh
Dang Ray I never seen a computer so inftected as this
Don't snoop around! Just download the damn program!
Jesus Christ Ray you go to some nasty websites what the hell man
I...I had to look a lotta stuff up for my advice column!
I don't recall you advisin' any women on the subject of mashin' birthday cakes around under their bottoms
Yet that is exactly what I see here
I...died? I died?
This feeling... euphoric...
A pervasive sense of relief...freedome from responsibility
Ow! What the hell?
Why am I just bobbing here?
This is embarrassing!
Are more experienced dead people laughing at me right now? Am I being hazed?
I wonder if I can climb back down the wall and pull the cap out of my mouth.
Uh oh wait bad idea
bad idea
hold on
Whoah, can't Todd read?
I don't think so. Why?
Check this out!
Suckin' Dick
Bought This Van.
Ich liebe meine Kultur
Aber, kann ich umsteigen?
nein.
Uhhh yes, Mr. Kazant ... Kazant-sepsis? Thanks for holding.
I'm afraid my superiors here think that your cards are just too... "out there" to connect with Walgreens customers.
SO YOU GONNA SHOVEL OUT ZOLOFT LIKE COAL INTO A STEAM ENGINE BUT YOU AIN'T GONNA SELL THE CARDS YOUR CUSTOMERS NEED BEFORE THE ZOLOFT KICKS IN HUH IS THAT IT!
Dang that makes me think of a card
You know what you need? Cards for times of dudes. Dude-to-Dude cards ain't even a category yet, and you can own it.
Dang that is basically true
No... no... somethin' just ain't right yet
Wait... think I have it...
Oh man this is it this is that part in the painting where God's finger touches Adam's
Pat! Pat You gotta be careful in that boat! It ain't finished!
Don't you try to talk me down, Ray! There's some people got to PAY for what they DONE!
Who, Pat? Who you goin' after?
Oh I think you'll find out pretty quick--
Slow mornink. Let us see what is new on Howard Stern show.
Howard! Help! My dog took a shit on my face!
Whaaat?
Help! Ow!
Heh! Idiot
Damn, man! What was that all about?
Is... is this diabetes? I always thought it only happened to other people... the unlucky ones...
YOUR BODIES SHALL ROLL IN GREAT TUBS OF LICE!
THE GREAT LORD SATAN SHALL... Shall administer...
Wow so I just uh I hold the banjo like this right
Yeah.
Dang there it went again! I got to call Doc Andret--
Hee hee someone call Ken Burns I'm writing his next soundtrack!
he shall... he'll... he'll smite you... where it counts
Hey, who left this nice tasseled loafer out here in the yard?!
This was gonna get sprinklered on if I didn't find it!
Whoever left this out here is hella lucky I found it!
Looks like a pretty expensive shoe...
What brand is it anyway?
mumblmumnumblenm
Whoah, was that a little noise?!
I AM LAZARUS, TASSELED LOAFER TO THE WORLD'S GREATEST BUSINESS MINDS
DON ME AND YOU SHALL SEE THE WORLD AS ITS TRUE COMMANDERS DO!
Heh! Man, what a scene!
All that's missin' is the retired band teacher with the self-inflicted gunshot wound!
Oh well, best try to get some nutrition goin' on here.
Ain't nobody else on the Acres gettin' solids.
One day left. Ray Smuckles, you have played it damn cold this far. Have another spork of Christian Brothers.
Do it for the children.
I...I have to kick Roast Beef's ass! My oldest friend!
There's just no other way!
I can't let some maniac do it... I...I got to do it myself so I can make sure it ain't too severe... just enough to get him out to safety...
Things are gonna be rough between us. This is gonna be a huge blow to him.
But he knew. He knew I was BOC. And he knows I fugue.
I...maybe in a way, he expects it? Maybe he knew all along?
No...is he really that much of my dogg?
RRRAAGGGHHH!
ROAR!
Hell of such as meow
ROARRRRR! ... ROAR ROAR ROAR!
I don't know dogg this mane isn't doing much for me
The Guy on eBay said it might take a few minutes for our primal instincts to kick back in, dude! Just stick with it! ... ROAR!
Face it man we been bred down to pee-wees If I saw a wounded gazelle my first instinct would definitely not be to start eating its hot guts
When you said gazelle just now, my first thought was of grilled kebabs over jicama-sesame slaw with peanut-ancho coulis. I'm not kidding.
Oh nice all with a frosty Amstel instead of a puddle that a rhino crapped in
HEY Roast Beef! Order us summore drinks! I'm gonna go hit the can!
You hear me? I'M GONNA GO HIT THE CAN!
Alright Ray What you into
Some Ketel One extra dry, baby! DRY AS THE DICKENS!
Yeah uh I'd like a Ketel One up and a bottle of Bud please
That'll be $12.50 sir
Man that is a lot of dang fucking money
There's only one dude I know puts a Certs in his beer
Oh my god
...Showbiz?
What's up Roast Beef! How's mom?!
Oh man. Seven A.M. and sober as a Turk.
Ugh. Too early. Too early.
Why can't I wake up with the gin already in me?
Alright Ray how does my Patsy Cline look
It's solid, man. Do you think my Loretta Lynn is decent?
Yeah man it is spot on and the hair is great too so let's do this
Let's do this! Let's do this!
Hello my name is Patsy Cline
Oh daddy had a harelip/and momma had lice/Brother's in a pine box/They found him in the ice
Gramma fixed us supper/We'd no heat to boil rice/She mixed a cup of road salt/With a paste made out of mice
Oh Lord but we've got country pride
Ray come on dogg
Oh for heaven's sake look at you
zzzzzz
Come on let's get up now and go back to the booth
DON'T!
What now Ray what's the matter
Don't move me!
Are you gonna be sick or something
It's gonna touch if I move!
What's gonna touch
My PEPPER, man!
All right Ray 'member how I was always so good at Operation
Some men such as Joe Pesci and Bill Gates have created good lives for themselves
Hey, T! Whatchu doin' round my pad? I'm light, dogg. Serious times. Smoke up a friend, holmes. I'm so bored.
I'm sitting in for Lyle on bass tonight. What's the deal with this band? Are you in it?
Me? Hells naw, man. I ain't wantin' to get too tight with that Nice Pete dude.
Kief? Jay? Shake? Kingston Sideburn? I ain't picky, dude.
Holy crap! Nice Pete's in the band? Who else? Please tell me a cop and a doctor.
Sorry, dogg. Just you and him. You know he kicked Lyle out, right? Just for sayin' his own ideas?
Weed, it's what's for dinner. Puff, puff, puff. Oh me, oh my.
I'm not doing it. Lyle lied to me. Fuck this. Yeah, I'm holding. Let's go up to the roof.
Hello!
Hello,
Hello!
Hello,
Hello!
That was fun! That was fun! That was fun! Hello, fun that was had! Hello, fun!
: Wait! I am touching my nose! That means your daddy's money just ran out! Hee hee! Boy, is that gonna be a big theme in your life! Ding!
gub!
Time's up. If you're done drinking Ancient Shenanigan and staring catatonically at your own baby pictures, I need to go.
HURRY, man! What's Google say the "commodore sex act" is?! TELL ME. USE IMAGE SEARCH. NOW.
This...wow. Google only has one result--clicking--It's a Wikipedia entry!
TÉODOR! WHAT IS THE DEAL?
Oh, sorry. You know how it is with Wikipedia.
No, I DON'T know how it is with Wikipedia! Why ain't you fuckin' TELL me how it is with Wikipedia, Téodor? 'Cause THAT's neat!
Look, just let her start giving you a commodore. Make natural grunts and stuff if you like it, and I'll cut it off if you don't.
...Prince Halat? I got a washcloth real nice and warm, in case you like a lil' old bitta' bitta' on your funky somethin'.
It... was a very long flight, Miss Tina. Please attend to my funky something with the gentlest of ministrations.
Ooh! You got a thumpin' heinie, Prince! Daaamn! Down, boy!
I...I thank you, my passerine chanteuse.
Oh HELL yes! Man, I can't imagine askin' a chick I actually knew to do this... this ROCKS! This is the PERFECT thing to do to a guy in a hotel! No WONDER there's so many hotels!
Uh yes hello
Alright man, I'm just goin' nuts over here.
A laser is used to create a negatively charged area on a positively charged drum so that positively charged toner will stick only in the negatively charged area
The toner is then transferred onto a sheet of paper which has been given a stronger negative charge than the area that's holding the toner
Come on, man. We known each other since old times.
Okay well uh you know how a sock sticks to you because of static cling
There you go, man! There! Straight-up saying science for the man on the go!
We ought to get you a cable show, dude.
Probably not
You got a gift, man! You can make any dude at all understand science!
I'm guessing it gets less rare the closer you get to a school
Alright, I had a little Gallup poll run.
Oh hey Todd what it is Sure you can ask me a question
Heh actually I do know the answer
The average stinker is only one teaspoon in volume I read it in Harper's Index
Yeah I know I would have thought more like 3/4 cup at least
Hang on what is with all that clanking Oh my god you're at the police station?
Dogg this is not how you're supposed to use your one phone call
Shit! Ow! Dammit!
What in heck Ray Why are you bleedin'
I cut myself!
With what All that's in your room is that sour cream tub and these two dirty socks
It was the damn sour cream lid, alright? It slipped!
Heck man Who is always tellin' me he's got a IQ of 183
It's true, Beef! Guys like Bach used to do stuff like this!
Well I mean I would bet basically one dude or maybe none in a million knows the Fight like I do
This is not to brag
Serious?
Dogg it is brain tape since young times
Yeah? Who won the first Fight, then?
You mean at the current Acres or the first few years at Ken Crandall's farm
Damn. Nice, Beef.
So...so what's the main thing I got to know goin' into this?
The fight is three days which is enough time for an ad hoc culture to form
Two armies typically arise and their pawns are sent to the front
It's rumored that the army leaders often fight only on days one and three and traditionally feast on turkeys and brandy on day two
Damn. Sounds like I got to be an army leader. Are there side dishes?
So on day one you got to kick just rich amounts of ass with a remarkable style
Build a reputation
Yeah, that shouldn't be a problem. How do I get a group to follow me after that, though?
Men are of two kinds
When contained...
They either want to be a hero or be with a hero
Plenty of dudes will side with you if they know you are Rodney Leonard Stubbs' son
Delegate them to the front lines according to strength
Let the weakest lay waste to the weakest and so on in kind
And when it's day three, what do I do?
We'll figure that out then
Dude, we'll be cut off from communicating during the...wait.
Beef, are you in the fight?
Dude, would you ever get a tattoo, Beef?
Dang man I don't know it would have to be somethin' pretty special to me
I'm thinkin' barbed wire band on the upper arm.
What's special about a barbed wire band
Special? What's special is that it looks tough as hell, and chicks will mac all over me 'til my eyes roll back in my head and I groan!
Man ain't no woman of a decent intellect gonna think--
Whoah, whoah. "Decent intellect"? I didn't mean groan because she won't stop yappin' about Kofi Annan!
Seriously Ray the Venn diagram of women you and me are interested in has a little overlap in the middle that just says "CALL BOB GIACOMINELLO WITH RE/MAX TODAY"
Cornelius Bear
Cornelius what are you doing. Probably every moment is precious at your age. I'm sorry to take up some of them.
I'm having a toaster waffle, actually. I've been enjoying these as an evening treat lately.
Are you serious. After all the chips have been counted, you like a frozen toaster waffle. Even though you have probably had *côte de boeuf à la incendiènne* done tableside at a place in Normandy in the 60s.
One wants different things from food at my age. I've pleasantly found that my palate prefers simplicity, the older I get.
Oh man don't say it.
Indeed. Some mornings, I don't even take coffee. A mug of hot water an a cold towel across the forehead serve as my liaison to the day.
Man now there is a thing. You ain't even need food. Your system is so fine and old that you just need temperatures.
Which do you think is the healthiest Chinese dish?
]]
Well, I don't know if I"d put it quite like that. I am eating this waffle, after all. For lunch I had some penne with spicy sausage that was quite nice.
This is a question. After you eat a pretty hot bowl of soup, do you sweat so much that you have to change clothes?
No. Soup affects me very little, if at all. It rarely involves a change in wardrobe.
Dang then that must be my problem. I always get that Won Ton Soup In Deluxe Fashion from Favorite Wok, you know, for three people, 'cause that's the smallest size they offer. I eat the whole thing up then, 'cause ain't nothin' worse than a day-old won ton. But then I'm like two hundred degrees on the inside, and the yoke of my duds is sweated across like a jogger.
That could perhaps cause some organ damage. If you cook, you will see how readily organ meats respond to heat. I have to imagine it's much the same inside of one's self.
Man so I am cooking my own guts with food that can't be right. That is like backwards divided by two.
Well, it's not likely to be a problem. I just want to indicate that one can off-set one's internal temperatures through volume eating.
Oh man you completely got me in a chunder and that is not even a word from America, it is a word from Australia.
Chunder . . . do you mean that you need to vomit? I believe the origin of the word is nautical, and was employed by the sea-sick who wished to warn those on lower decks to "watch out down under!" At any rate, I don't mean to make you so nervous that you vomit. The body is remarkable about seeking equilibrium, so you needn't worry unnecessarily. Perhaps let the soup rest for ten minutes before eating it, next
So, let's see what you got in your Halloween basket!
Oh boy oh boy! Can I look now?
Wow! A full-size Hershey bar? Who gave you --
HOLY JESUS CHRIST IS THERE A BUSINESS CARD TAPED TO THIS FUCKING CANDY?!
HELLO, I WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK TO THE PIECE OF SHIT THAT IS DANGLING FROM THE WORLD'S ASSHOLE? JOHN TOMINO?
LISTEN, I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU INSIST ON PULLING A COCK RING AROUND YOUR NECK DURING YOUR MARKETING BRAINSTORM SESSIONS
BUT I WANT YOU TO WAKE UP TO THE FACT THAT YOU JUST TURNED A CHILDREN'S HOLIDY INTO AN AD FOR YOUR FUCKING REAL ESTATE AGENCY!
YOU SEMINAL TURD! YOU PISS FOUNTAIN! YOU'RE TEACHING THE FUTURE TO SUCK AND THE CHILDREN TO SWALLOW!
I HOPE YOU BOIL IN A BUCKET OF GYPSY SHIT!
Oh, damn. Flouting in front of him like that was probably worse than the stupid card in the first place.
You know not to say any of that stuff, right?
I wonder if Mr. Wizard ever boiled shit! I better go on YouTube!
I look just like Bogart! Pretty cool, huh!
You don't look like Bogart. You look like you ride a Honda Goldwing and collect swords.
What in hell are you talkin' about?! Didn't you see this hat?
Yeah, what model is that? The "Debonair SysAdmin"? Where's your fanny pack and black Reeboks?
This ain't a hat of computer people! Dan Rather cold sports this sick piece on a chilly day!
You better take that off before some guy with seborrheic dermatitis and a pizza-goiter adds you to his Livejournal community!
Alright, you win. Seborrheic dermatitis, huh?
It's like diaper rash, except your parents won't help.
Oh god DAMMIT!
WHAT! What in the HELL! DAMN you!
Ray? I thought you'd be up watching the news!
Téodor. It is the morning after Halloween.
What, were you at Mayor C's last night? You haven't been following the news?
I'd say yes twice but I'm just not feeling all that positive.
You should really turn on the news. I mean it.
Did you ever see that fake ad from the 70s where Jose Cuervo just beats the hell out of a pinata shaped like his own brain?
Mr Bear, I think I have a stomach ache.
Did you eat too many sweets last night, Philippe?
What? Why?
Last night was Halloween, Philippe! Don't tell me that you forgot!
I guess I did...
EEEAUGH!
What has gotten into you, Philippe!? You're not yourself!
FeeReep! You Home?
I'll just tell her that I'm married. No one can argue with that.
FeeReep! I pick you frower from outside!
Hey Lie Bot, can you tell me what the "clitoris" is?
Sure thing, man.
It's actually the same set of tissue as the penis, but it starts to form differently in the first trimester.
huh!
What does it do?
You know how frozen turkeys have those pop-out thermometers?
Yikes!
So, Pat, tell me how it is goink since last we speak. Rod is good? You are finally choosink new wallpaper for half-bath in the front hall?
Yes, yes. Thank you. Rod is good. Lately we've been doing a lot of puzzles, actually. It's become kind of an obsession.
In fact, I've even begun designing my own socially responsible word puzzles. This one is called, Word UP!
Word up?
Hopefully by naming it that and packaging it like a hip-hop CD, I'll trick at least a few of those aisle-panting Wal-Mart goiter-teens into making their moms buy it for them.
Here, get the cameras on this.
Think you can solve it?
I solve this puzzle in first instant of retinal registration. Is wrong for target audience. I think you make lame puzzle first then look for shortest road to pedestal and cash register.
Why, you arrogant bastard! You have NO business criticizing this work! I'd like to see you even TRY to make something like this!
Okay. Here you go.
I don't care what this reporter says, Andre Agassi is butt ugly!
Calm down, dude. Switch to the next article or something
Oh, you're right I'm just settin' myself up for failure readin' this same one over and over again
hey, check this out! They discovered that Boy George is the best singer in the world! Now that's some news you can use!
You got to be kidding
They ran some samples through a computer and it turns out he sing perfectly, every time! Wake the dude up and stick him with a pin, chances are it's a hit!
Hm you know now that I think about it his voice is really tender and good
I don't care if he's old and fat and dumb and makes bad decisions about being high on cocaine, the man has contributed something to this world
Word up man let's go listen to some Boy George
Yeah, man! Yeah
Yeah
Fuckin A!
Hah! "Series of lectures." Boy did I have HIM going!
Alright Steve, let's Party.
That's right, Steve. I rented the rooms on either side, just like last time. We don't have to worry about those cheap, thin walls, do we! So you go on ahead and let it out when Pat lays down the law.
BRAVEHEART?! I can't get off to this! RAY! You IDIOT! I'm out THREE HUNDRED DOLLARS!
"Steve's Party"?! I can't get off to this!
Wait... maybe I can. I need to see this as a challenge.
Philippe, how would you like to play a game of checkers with me??
What's checkers?
High five! We begin now, Phillippe!
The future
You see, I have the advantage because I have a mega tyrannosaurus ultra king, and your pieces are ponies.
Checkers is hard!
Roll the dice.
Phillippe, you forgot you are the thumb-goon! Another penalty dance!
Is this good enough, Lie Bot?
Phillippe, how much money is in your pocket?
There has never been any money in my pockets ever!
The victor is ultimately determined by cash-on-hand. Penalty cartwheels.
Here.
Philippe! See, that's me.
Now it's your turn.
Frances! What a pretty name!
Will you marry me, Frances?
FRANCES! Why isn't the baby breathing?! Can't you hear me? Frances! WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING?!
Is the van messed up real bad?
Sort of -- what's leaking out?!
Aww, cripes!
What? What is it?
My acorn whiskey! I was gonna trade it to my buddy for a TV! Well, he ain't really my buddy, but he has a...
Todd, have you been drinking?
'course I been drinkin'! Drinkin' is awesome!
You could have killed someone!
Aww, so I had my slant on. Lay off me.
Pat, what's evaporation?
What? WHAT?!
Hey! How come Mr. Bear is lying down?
We... we're playin' hide and seek! It's my turn to hide!
Wow, twenty thousand! I better get a stopwatch to help him keep track!
SOON.
I DECLARE MYSELF... BROADICUS DICKUS!
ray RU there
what's up miggroid! $$$
about to gruffle some mad Domino's
come over doggie
Cornelius was shot
shit what dude when?!
about 20,000 seconds and one game of This Little Piggy Went To Market ago
I don't know what that means
Is Showbiz going to be around for very long? He left a huge hair on my new Aveda soap.
Oh uh he took off while we were asleep last night
He did? I didn't hear anything.
That's because the action of sneakin' seventy bucks from my wallet generates very little noise
Gone, huh. Did he leave a note?
Yeah but not a very good one
That's it? Does it always go this way?
Sometimes he spells it with the L and no U but yeah generally
Well, if you pull the hair off my soap, I'll take the outer layers off with a vegetable peeler.
First I got to throw away all the Rockford Fosgate catalogs with every single page dog-eared
So, you guys hear the one about the priest who gave head to the mailman?
He prays to god that his luck will improve,
...and the very next day a horny mailman shows up.
Well, one thing led to another. You can pretty much guess what they did. It wasn't too cool.
I mean, don't get me wrong. I'm not against gays.
I'm actually pretty open minded once you get to know me.
NORTHEAST CORNER
STEP ON IT STEP ON IT STEP ON IT
GENTLEMEN...
FIGHT!
Man, am I glad the warm weather's back.
You're tellin' me! I must have got my Bone on six times yesterday.
Hey, I don't want to hea...
I was like, BONE... BONE... BONE...
Enough, already!
Heh heh! You don't like it when I talk about my bonin', do you?
You've got no class, man.
Six times?
Daedalus_X, I would like to offer the following rebuttals to your RIDICULOUS claims.
pat every1 @ my skool sez U put doo N that meatballz
: Daedalus_X I am having problems with the admin settings but you will be BLOCKED later tonight.
Pat 'sup sorry 2 bother U but sum ppl said U hate Asians I hope that iz not Tru cause I got azn peeps
So, what did you get Molly for Valentine's Day?
Oh uh we just uh we gonna go do what she likes you know ! Plus they got desserts at just awful lots of places these days !
I mean you can't walk ten feet in any direction without becoming on the inside of a dessert restaurant right and that is completely good right because ladies like to eat cakes and treats and
You forgot!
You forgot it was Valentine's day, didn't you! Admit it!
I DIDN'T FORGET NOTHIN' DAMMIT JUST GET OUT OF HERE TÉODOR WHY YOU ALWAYS TALKIN!
I did you a favor by reminding you! You were gonna walk into the bedroom later and wonder why she was sitting there crying in matching underwear!
I ONLY GET CONCERNED IF SHE AIN'T SITTIN' ON THE BED CRYIN'!
I'D THINK I LOST MY TOUCH!
IS THERE A LAMP YOU CAN SIT UNDER THAT HELPS YOU ADMIT THAT YOU'RE WRONG BECAUSE I'LL GET OUT MY CREDIT CARD RIGHT NOW GOD DAMMIT!
SCREW YOU TÉODOR YOU KNOW I GOT TO HAVE SPECIAL LAMPS TO BE IN SOCIETY !
HOW ABOUT A LAMP THAT KEEPS YOU FROM YELLING AT PEOPLE WHO KNOW WHAT DAY IT IS!
ACHEWOOD
EVERY WEEKDAY BRINGS CHEER,
NOSTALGIA,
So, Mr. Squirrel, how is this year's acorn crop?
It's frikkin' AWESOME!
AND TRAGEDY
DO NOT MISS AN INSTALLMENT
Daaamn, there's no Wikipedia entry for "Ray's urine"!
Maybe I can make one...
Ray's Urine
Trivia
The hell look at all that mayhem. Damn sloppy fightin' if you ask me.
Historically nearly fifty percent of the Fight's population takes itself out in the first three hours
Either immediately or through slow-acting injuries
Anyhow gentlemen our first order of business is a little treat for you troops
Show you up close and personal how Son of Rodney takes a man apart
Two of you are gonna go fetch Perfect Ron Sipes
Tell him Son of Rodney is about to sell his wife a 29-Minute Ab Minder
He'll know what I mean
Leander I want you to go
Take the Latino Health Crisis with you
WHAT'D YOU SAY ABOUT MY WIFE, ASSHOLE SHIT MOTHERFUCKER?! SAY IT TO MY FACE!
I heard that every time someone offers her a PastaPro Express Home Pasta system, she spreads her legs and thinks of England! That's all I'm sayin', dude! Calm down.
How come you're looking out the window so much today, Téodor?
Michael Jackson died, Philippe.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'll go to my room.
No, no. He was a big deal to people my age, is all.
Have you ever heard of the "moonwalk"?
Yeah! It never happened! Lyle can prove it!
No, this is the moonwalk. Watch.
Looks like you heard about Michael
Hey. Yeah.
I ain't even listen to the guy's stuff but for some reason I'm doin' a thing
Me too. Never owned an album, but it's like there's a... smoggy orange Los Angeles sunset gel across the sky today.
I mean hearin' that Michael Jackson died is like hearin' that another Space Shuttle blew up
Everything about it is so big you ain't got the synaptic bandwidth to process the girth of the grief
He was your Elvis, and when your Elvis dies, so does the private lie that someday you will be young once again, and feel at capricious intervals the weightlessness of a joy that is unchecked by the injuries of experience and failure.
In other words, you two died a bit today.
Welcome to the only game in town.
Whoah, man, check this out! Everything I draw accidentally ends up lookin' like a dick!
Really?
Yeah, dude! Ask me to draw somethin'!
Okay, how about a loaf of sourdough?
Whoah! How come you didn't draw the rest of the slashes across the top?
I don't know! My brain just told me I was done! Gimme another thing to draw.
A Nintendo?
Okay, let's see.
Hey Pat uh Ray just saw a Magreaux dog downtown by the KFC
Yeah we're at the doctor's office he's gettin' the whole workup you know full body MRI and even a chaplain
Yeah man ok cool I'll see you here in a few
I came as fast as I could. How's he doing? Is the MRI over? Have you called his mother?
No man we ain't callin' her until we know anything you know I mean the phone call alone might get her a heart attack I mean we got to not play into this thing's hands
This will be what it'll be. There's no way of preventing whatever summoned his Magreaux dog.
I know man but we just crazy with fear I mean the things tried to walk Pat it tried to walk
I don't like hearing that any more than you like saying it, but we have to think forward now.
Come on man the dog might have been about someone he knows or like misrepresentatively prominent for a minor surgery he needs
You and I both know what's going on here.
Man I can't lose Ray come on Pat just an hour ago we were walkin' and now we seen his dog and it's over just like that it makes no sense IT MAKES NO SENSE! IT MAKES NO SENSE!
Yo check it! Jealous much, anybody?
Oh dogg do not tell me you wear the bloatee
Bloatee? What?
When a dude of gravity tries to distinguish his neck from his face by arbitrarily shaping facial hair that is the bloatee
I ain't "of gravity!" I'm in good shape!
Plus that thing is so hell of wispy a spider covets
Man, you know French people got it light on the face! I can't help if it's on the thin side!
Dogg I cannot brook the gossamer bloatee
Well , tough. It's here to stay. I look like a goddamned Musketeer and I mean to kick much ass.
You look like Three Musketeers gave you cauliflower ass
TIGHT AS A DRUM! SNAP SNAP! LISTEN TO MY DRUM SONG!
OH, HOW THE PEOPLE WILL MARCH!
I'm sorry Phillippe.
Dressing up like cowboys just isn't... just isn't cheering me up at all.
But Ray!
Cowboys!
It... It's not your fault.
No, don't cry!
You are rad!
You are a rad friend!
Phillippe, you are rad!
You... are... rad!
There you go! What do you think?
|||||| ||| ||||||||||||| !
Ha ha! I guess you do look just like a skater!
Wow!
They put a drinking fountain for dogs in the bathroom! What a neat decision!!
No they didn't. That's the new bidet.
Huh? What's a bidet?
It shoots water up your butt.
Like...in a mean way?
A bidet's only as mean as the guy usin' it.
Oh...I see. Well, here goes nothing. I guess. If I mess up and get too mean, You can have my Action Rangers.
Dang, Roast Beef! You called like forever ago!
Traffic on the 101 was so FUCKED man it took damn eight hours just to six inches dammit
I was just about to get a little bit twisty on Jager and chilly Stellas! Sounds like you oughta join me!
Sheesh tell me about it
Make 'em tall and ice cold just like yours truly
Someone gets sassy after he hacks a big old website!
Man I am just ten kinds of worked up after that hack and all that sittin' around
I want to just make a big life size origami of myself and be all HOW ARE YOU
HOW HAVE YOU BEEN
Just push on its nose with my open palm and watch as like one of its arms falls off
Oh man, I am gonna get six kinds of nasty on a Cold Cut Trio!
You said it
Lyle! What it is, sucka!
Welcome home, fellas. What'll it be?
Mmm this sandwich is so good I feel like there's music comin' outta my ears
So, Lyle! What's with all the new Subways in town?
Bah! Those crooks!
That's how Subway works man Like hamsters in a cage They just keep growin' the numbers till they kill each other back down to a sustainable level
Did you guys know that the real Jared died at a Subway in 1998?
Get outta here! Man, you been readin' too much internet, Lyle!
The franchise owner stole his pants and hired an actor named Dennis J. Carmichael to assume the identity of his "diet miracle boy." I don't need to tell you how he disposed of the body.
Welcome to Reality! Welcome to the Hard Life! Welcome to the Blues!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Welcome to... SEX FUNERAL!
Right on!
Yeah! Right ON!
But you didn't come here just because you wanted to play the Blues, did you?
No!
No way, Chicago!
You came here to write the next chapter in Blues history! The... illegal chapter!
Straight up!
Oh YEAH!
Are you ready to break the rules? Are you ready to play the Blues that the government doesn't want heard?
SO READY!
LET'S DO THIS!
Inexorably | sadness descends, unfailing. | meets its mark always
Districated by Lyle | balsamic reduction burned | dinner is ruined
aww Ray man you kind | of went too far He is like | only a preteen
Dang, Beef, He was all | up in my shit! What was I | supposed to do, dogg?
Hm, hm
Looks like Kerry's going to take the nomination...
What, Mr. Bear?
The Democrats are deciding who they want to run against President Bush, Philippe.
It's Democrats and Republicans, right?
Those are the two main American political parties.
Which one's better?
It's not that simple, I'm afraid. There are good and bad things about both parties.
Why don't they just make one party out of all the good things?
Sigh.
I wish it were that easy, Philippe.
Dear Reader: Enjoy this photos taken in and around the Achewood production facilities, 2005. We will see you soon. Happy holidays!
Wish he'd let me play more than one note... frickin' control freak.
FROM THE HAUNTED LOINS
God, what a stupid lyric... And why's everybody always "springing" everywhere? Does he think that's the scariest way of getting around?
IN A MIGHTY EARTHEN CROCK
HIS BLOTED EYES POPPED FROM HIS HEAD
Oh no. A boiled lord's eyes were stolen. Is that really the scariest thing that can happen to some boiled eyes? Vision from beyond the grave, anyone? You hack.
Daaamn! Player got a little inbox goin' on goin' on!
Who in hell is Leon Sumbitches and why he sent me an attachment?! Man, this looks like a computer virus straight-up splickety!
But wait, what if it's some new MC sendin' in a demo? Gravity Train sounds like it has the legs to be the most important new dance song of the year...hate to get scooped...
You know what? When a man is afraid of an e-mail, it's time to redistrict the comfort zone.
Take a hike, advice. I'm crackin' this sucker wide open.
Wow, you really CAN drink five shots of Cuervo!
Sure as hell, blochicho! What else you got?
I'm pretty faded. I'm gonna call it.
Suit yourself, stacky! I'ma sugarfoot MY hella shinto movements straight on back to the Time Tunnel!
I saw some cops outside just a few minutes ago. Can you stand on one foot.
Drunk test! Ray Smuckles, professor of Doctorology, pres - man, whatchu doin?!
Hey! I can't control my damn feet!
LAZARUS!
LEOPOLD!
Say, this is kinda fun!
FATHER IS DYING.
GET OUT OF HERE. YOU DISGUST ME.
Who is the cat
LOOK AT ME!
BE GONE!
That wears the world as a hat?
PLEASE SEE HIM.
I WILL NOT.
What's name of the guy who is greeted when he wakes
YOU, HOWEVER, MAY SEE YOURSELF OUT.
By the St. Pauli Girl and a tray of pancakes!
YOU'RE BREAKING MOTHER'S HEART.
Dude. You know what it is? This camera is showin' how you FEEL about yourself, not your actual self
That's why Téodor looks like some blowjob from the Banana Republic ads, and Beef looks like a goon who lost his jack-off virginity in the bathroom at Comic-Con
I ain't gonna say anything, but your camera has Mexican magical realism. Same thing happened to me last year when I bought that RV where it was always rainin' inside.
What in the hell are you talking about?
I ain't tell you about that? Thing was a total hassle. I ended up sellin' it to some friend I don't know anymore. Anyhow, turns out the thing was made in Mexico. I bet if you scratch the Made in China sticker off your camera, it says Hecho en Mexico dude.
Wow, he's right! This camera was made in Mexico
Dude Téodor let's take pictures let's take pictures of everyone and see what they think of themselves man that would be the Dickens of a chuckle!
Wow. What if we took a picture of Pat?
Seriously, Ted! How come you stuff your pants?
You've not had my life. Don't judge me.
Who TeeVo Tomas di Tank Engine. I hate dees train.
It's live! It's live! Barry just went live! Day Three!
Oh my god! Awesome! Awesome! Absolutely no way!
Daaamn. You KNOW they had to put these warnings on one lawsuit at a time.
Good grief! Get up, Ray! It's almost three in the afternoon!
Huh? Oh, man! Charlie Brown! I...I through you were dead!
What an awful thing to say to me! I'm like nine years old!
God, I'm sorry man. I never know how things like this are supposed to go.
Here, put these shoes on and have legs like mine.
O--okay
Uh, Listen, Chuck. About that "dead" thing...you know Schulz is gone, right?
Today I'm finally gonna kick that football!
Technically, man, you shouldn't even be here. You died when he did.
Nonsense! I haven't even kissed the little red-haired girl yet!
You're never gonna get to, dude! He took you down with him like an Egyptian emperor!
Cut it out, Ray! That's not true! SHUT...UP!
Dang Ray you lookin' shaken as they come what is the haps
Man, you'd think it'd be easier to give some bad news to Charlie Brown.
Merry Crishmash, Philippe!
Oooh! Merry Christmas, Téodor!
Here comes Lyle with your present!
Oh boy oh boy!
OOOFFF
Ha ha!
Ha! Ha!
oh boy
Here . . . All I got for you guys was this picture that I drew . . . Merry Christmas. . .
PICK UP PICK UP PICK UP EBAY. TODAY IS THE DAY YOU PICK UP. PICK UP PICK UP PICK UP. EBAY PICK UP.
Hi. Awesome. Great. Thanks for picking up. Meg Whitman please. CEO of your company. Flat regular lady business hair, probably a Maserati. Just find her.
One panel later
Meg? Baby. PLEASE don't sell my mama's milk, PLEASE don't sell my mama's cheese. PLEASE, baby girl.
Crap I panicked. I called too soon, too uncollected. Now I blew it and I got to buy my mama's cheese.
Uncle Culpepper! How was your trip? It's good to see you! Come in!
Why, I do declare! Dear nephew, you have matured into the very image of your grandfather, the great Colonel Albion Montgomery Culpepper!
Thank you, Uncle Culpepper! You must be hungry! What can I get us to eat? Come inside!
Well now! I must admit to an indefatigable predilection for that most toothsome of I-talian delicacies, the Pepperoni Pizza!
Consider it done! Mind if we add olives and mushrooms?
My sole partiality is to that delectable spiced meat. Any confederacy of additional vegetables shall not compromise the pie as I see it.
Ok, good! OH, let me fix us a drink first!
Your hospitality is exemplary, dear nephew. I am parched as a misused draft animal, but a tumbler of spirits may well spare me from the agony to which I seem conscripted by this thirst.
Thank you for coming over, Roast Beef. I made us some bulgur salad as a reward for when we get done reviewing my tax return.
Say hi Weldon
You can tie that thing to the porch.
Man don't call Weldon "that thing" he is my little guy and he's housebroken besides
Well, filthy creatures ain't allowed in the house. Come along.
You dis my dog you fluff my hog
WHAT?! What did you just say to me?
I said that if you speak against Weldon then you are about to enter a world where the only activity that exists is tasting my hog
SOON
...and remember the time when a lady found a chicken head in McNuggets
Really? You put it there?
I planned that out for ages
Worked at McDonald's for six months to get that one right
What else have you been in on?
Hmmm...
Did you hear the one about the guy at Applebee's who found a whole human foot in his salad, with a Champion short sock on
That was a fun one
Lie Bot, how does Chinese Water Torture work?
CWT? That's when you dip a person's hand in warm water while they're asleep, and they wet their pants!
Oh my gosh!
Here, let's try it on Lyle!
Well would you look at that! Someone's beat us to it!
Philippe's been sticking his arm into the toilet for ten minutes.
That's his therapy for something that happened to him as a pup.
Oh.
How so?
Hi. I'm Barry. What's up?
Not much Barry. How about you?
There hasn't been any bait on that hook all night. What are you doing?
Oh uh I didn't want to catch anything. I just like being out here.
I know what you mean. I come up here when I need to get away fron the missus.
So you're married huh?
Hey, I brought some Guinness up. Want one?
Dang that is like my favorite beer ever
No kidding
...so the next day she takes one of those home pregnancy tests. I can practically hear her hummin' Here Comes the Bride through the bathroom door
Was this before or after Janeane finally called
Beef? Did you hear that?
"Dammit woman ain't been no sounds"
I heard something at the front door!
Philippe! How long have you been standing there? You're shivering!
"M-M-Molly, c-c-can I ask you a question about Jesus?"
"Why ain't you just knock on the damn door you got a question like that"
Beef! He's just a little kid! It's scary to ask about Jesus!  Never mind him, Philippe. I lost a bet and now he gets to act like an angry blue-collar father all day. What was your question, sweetie?
"If Jesus was a dog, would he wear a cape and walk on two legs?"
He sure would! Let me draw you a picture.
"Dammit woman"
"Oh boy!"
"Wow! You are a good artist, Molly! Can we show that he has been eating chocolate?"
Okay!
"Dammit woman don't let the boy believe that dogs can enjoy cocoa-based products"
Beef! Put a sock in it!
Sure!
"Dammit woman do not set the boy to wicked schemes"
Shut up, Beef.
"Dammit woman do not represent our lord as a golden lab that is hell of sacrilage"
I'd be more like a basenji
'You hear that woman he'd be more like a basenji dammit why does no one listen to me"
Crap, Pat showed up. I think I'll hang back.
Sorry, Doc, but this is serious! Help me!
Whoops, I hit the two-way.
What can you give me for the Conniptions?
Conniptions?
Maybe Ray wasn't joking with all that yelling! What if he's having a stroke?
THE TRIBULATION IS AT HAND! THE PLOW THAT RENDS THE EARTH SHALL UNLEASH THE RIVERS OF BILE!
Mmhm. Okay, Ray. Try some Pepto and call me in an hour.
AAAIIIGHT!
Guess who just got a bootleg of the Paul Prudhomme sex tape! Hint: Me. It was me. Living room, now.
Lyle! You absolute IDIOT! How DARE you interrupt my performance!
Whoah, I blacked out again! Doc? Doc, you there?
Pat! Play just one single note!
This one, prick?
Ow! There it goes again! Diabetes! Can anyone hear me? Doc? Doc?
Téodor! You are Jewish guy, yes?
Huh? Oh, not really. I mean, my ancestors were, but I don't observe.
Perhaps it is time to get back in the game! And truly, here is the opportunity. Check out this line of Jewish supplies I am offerink!
Who cannot want "Comedy Moments" yarmulke! Is free hair clip! This is bonus! Also we have...
Who's supposed to be stupid? Your butt? Your nose?
White Beefy-T! Wear it to the saloon, the chicks are tearink off their panties with both hands! Yum!
I've never seen a woman act that way. Ever. And I don't think that shirt is the solution.
Of course is this mini-poster!
You made that on a laser printer! That's not even a product!
Gay black Jew mother-in-law walks into bar operated by Kramer, Jeff Foxworthy, and Tim Hardaway.
...and?
Five dollars.
Who! Damn, but did I need that nap!
Thank you, Christian Brothers!
And thank YOU, flavorless overcooked supermarket turkey that was in the back of some dude's car for way longer than recommended!
Hey you two! Where's Beef? I got to discuss somethin' with him!
Goodness, mate -- you've not heard, have you? A mess of blokes came an' done him in while you were at your feast!
He's out of the Fight!
WHAT?! Who the hell was it! Is he okay? Talk to me, you two! Now!
It were that Cody Travis lot! They'd got it in their heads that he'd set Cody up to fight you!
How bad did they do him. Talk to me.
It weren't pretty, mate. I think he was well-on senseless the last few minutes.
They said they'd be comin' 'round for you next, mate. Best be ready.
They ran about fifty strong, I'd say. One of 'em had a limp.
Well, I'm gonna save 'em the walk. You dopes stay here and keep up the great work.
HEAVEN
Dang even got one 'a them little soda guns
Tonic and everything
I could mix up some rude drinks if anyone was around
I guess I got all of eternity now though
No reason I can't just have a drink all alone
Well here I am
Drunk in Heaven
Kinda seems redundant
MEANWHILE
Ray! Wake up! I'm not going to harvest a lung from you. That wouldn't make sense.
Oh! Hey! I had an amazing dream!
We can take a lung from one of my AIBOs and give it to Beef!
Now don't you say a word. I have made the decision to sacrifice one of my little guys and that's final.
Please don't ask me to reconsider.
SOON
I'M SORRY DOCTOR KISSES
I'M SO SO SORRY
OH I WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER DOCTOR KISSES
PLEASE FORGIVE ME
Oh my god this is so hard
ARF!
There you are, you little creep!
Ray! W-w-wait! I can explain!
You've got about two seconds, Todd.
H-h-hold on! Oh jeez!
WHOAH WHOAH WHOAH
Alright, now talk.
Look, you know I ain't too bright! I needed it as an-an-an example!
An example?
Hold on, I'll show you!
Roast Beef! Why are you programming that computer?
I guess it's the only thing that I'm really good at
What are you programming it to do?
This spreadsheet would tell a person when they needed to buy eggs or milk
Based on how much eggs or milk they started with
That's right, sir. Based on how much eggs or milk you started with. Could I interest you in a trial version?
I also wrote a function that calculates how much hash browns to make
It's okay, Beef! Right! Everything is cool, man!
Beef?
Look, Beef! I'm hitting myself! I'm hitting myself! Look!
Do you think that was really your dad?
A stitch in time saves nine I guess
What's a stitch in time? Is that like black hole theory?
Look Ray I'll meet you at your house later okay
Okay Philippe uh it is important how you act on days when you got to meet such as foreign dignitaries
So let's pretend I am the Pope and you are meeting me okay
Okay!
Oh hello my son bless you as you are the fruit of the lamb
Hello, dear Pope! Would you like a seat near the window?
I got such as rheumatism and must sit near a fire
Start a fire for the pope, at once!
You know I got some problems with your country I should mention
You are all hella lazy and a bunch of fatsoes to boot
Plus you got bad morals
You're absolutely right, dear Pope! I am dedicated to improving morals!
Remember that all your family and your momma gonna burn if we don't agree on stuff
You may NOT speak about my mother that way! Pope, you are no longer welcome in my country!
Dang Philippe man you really got a set on you !
Don't tell me he's dead Dr. Andretti! Say it ain't so!
His liver was badly damaged in the fall. He's on life support but we'll need to find a donor
Interesting.
Whoah, don't get any ideas, muchacho amigo. My foie gras looks like a damn Brillo pad.
Or, we can implant an artificial liver.
They've got such a thing?
It's made by the Japanese. It's highly experimental, but right now it's his best hope.
SANRYOBUKI! liver
Dang
I ain't never seen no one pick up a dollar bill that way
Ain't it great!
COME ON BABY! COME SEE WHO RAY IS!
Whoah whoah whoah whoah whoah whoah WHOAH
Ray man there's only one cash register in this place
So what! You noticin' the wrong things, Carmen San Diego!
Well uh basically Ray that's where all the ladies change out singles for twenties
And all these dudes change out their ATM twenties for the singles to tip with
It's like Typhoid Mary all over again
Whatchu tryin' to tell me, Paper Trail Jones?
Come on baby! Take Ray's money!
UHN!
Dang Ray don't tuck that money under your eyelids !
Um ... you've probably noticed that I'm not ... not exactly a ... HUMAN man ...
So! You're from Las Vegas! I hear ... I hear good things about the City of A Thousand Stars.
... aren't 80's movies just so funny? It's like ... ha ha! The hair! They're so funny! Except Rain Man. That was a very serious movie ... don't you think?
So are you having a good time tonight or what?
I mean ... wherever you are ...
There, there.
Silent Bird Wallace, mute as he was, paired up with Alosius, a stone-deaf and illiterate singer with the most beautiful voice anyone had ever heard.
Wait. If he was illiterate, how'd he read Bird's lyric sheet?
He would have an interpreter sign it to him. The whole performance was something of a terrible, crippled miracle. Meanwhile, Rustmouth sank deeper into obscurity.
Oh, my aching head...
Where... where am I?
Yes, hello? Cornelius... speaking.
CORNELIUS! IT'S TÉODOR! HOW ARE YOU DOING! HAI-EEEEEEEE!
Agh! Boy, please do not yell. You fellows really did a number on me last night. Who is the foul scoundrel that paired Southern Comfort with lemonade?
Sorry, how about that new tattoo, huh! That was really ballsy!
Tattoo?
Oh... oh dear god...
oh... oh dear LORD no...
How's your campaign coming, Philippe?
Did you put all your platform ideas on Post-its like I suggested?
Yes!
AGH! The fucking dog! What is it, five AM? Why don't they trim her god-damned nails?!
Dammit, she's not gonna stop prancing around until she gets her breakfast.
Christ do I hate this place. Ugh oh god too early for pants.
Yeah, no one's gonna see me.
ALRIGHT, ALREADY! I'LL FEED YOU, YOU GREEDY HELL-DOG!
'Wedding Day, 4.58am'
Okay, that's everything through putting the reception trash out at the curb. Just need a one hour power-nap.
6.00am
I HOPE YOU'RE SERVIN TEA WITH THOSE SAUCER EYES, 'CAUSE YOU HAVE PISS-ALL ELSE TO SHOW!
SPRING SONS! Prepare the provisions to serve one hundered! SUMMER SONS! Set up chairs and delay the arriving guests with libation! AUTUMN SONS! For their additional diversion, perform physical antics!
TAFFY! As you were!
Yeah, yeah.
Guests Arrive
Simon! Hey, man, nice shirt! That Tommy Bahama?
Summer Event Collection! Good call, Ray!
This is all well and fine for city folks but this strange woman makes no mention of proper country decorum and tradition
Soon.
On Shooting One's Dog. The Shooting of a dog is a complex activity, despite depictions in the media. Depending on the occasion, it may be appropriate to invite guests. Naturally, such a situation creates an opportunity for protocol.
If the dog is to be dispatched for perpetual and ceaseless barking, neighbors will expect to be invited, and it is traditional that they give the host a six-pack of common beer, "despite all."
However, if the dog was audibly Taken by its master at the hour of its greatest nuisance, and there was no time to summon guests, beer should still be left upon the shooter's doorstep the following day.
1 As evidenced by what happened to the poor McCaul-Hill boy of Execia Farms, SC. A cautionary tale indeed.
If a dog is to be shot because a group of "Saturday men" can conceive of no wiser diversion, it is considered honorable to fist throw it a whiskey-soaked tennis ball or wad of barbecue.
Well! What a fancy drawing of a cow with dotted lines separating all the main steaks! A very nice present!
I wonder what I would look like in a diagram like that...
Téodor, what happens to animals' faces after we eat their meat parts?
They get made into dog food.
m-mom? Mommy? I...I'm in trouble...I made...a...a really bad choice...
aww yeah. He watched twelve minutes of Breed All About It on Animal Planet and fell asleep. In the bathroom, Maria Googled his family on his wireless laptop. Then she looked at MySpace pages of people who had an interest in his grandfathers novel.
If you would like more of the soda you can have more of the soda
No it didn't cost too much it only cost a little bit so help yourself.
Your shirt is very pretty by the way.
Is that Nice Pete? What's he doing in our garage?
Me? Oh well uh I'm a good man and decent.
At least I play one on TV.
Heh heh.
Um...
Why didn't you laugh
It hurts me that you did not like my joke.
It...I don't know..it makes me extremely angry
Like you think I have a low mind.
I can't have you out there telling people about this now can I
I with more than anything I didn't have to do this.
You are so pretty.
Gasp!
Okay Philippe when you run for President you got to be able to say opinions on subjects at the drop of a hat
Cool!
So I am gonna say some ideas and then you say your opinions okay
Okay! Say ideas!
Racism
Italian people are nice!
The Homeless
There should be a place where they can shave and go potty!
How's the campaign coming, m'blokes?
Hi Ray! We need to take care of homeless people!
Damn, good idea! How about we promise that as long as Philippe's president, all homeless people can stay at Motel 6? My treat!
And they win a free George Foreman grill!
Alright Beef! Come on out and show us the new you!
Uh okay but I ain't too sure I am happy with these results
Oh, get over your fussy self! Step on out.
Man
I look like some guy who chooses fonts for a living
Come on now, Beef! You represent the ideal modern male!
A little bit punk, a little bit BMW!
A little bit whiskey, a little bit Starbucks!
Dang man
I feel like I should be in some Microsoft Word ad
All smiling and pointing to a diagram which shows the various parts of my brain which a company could use for tasks
create table of contents
find & replace
word count
save
Heh heh! Dang, Beef!
You were like the Martha Steward of condoms, all finding new and clever household uses for them!
Hee hee
"Pipe frosting, or even a fresh fruit coulis, through the tip of a punctured condom"
"Try using unlburicated condoms as condiment dispensers at your next backyard barbecue!"
"Crack crab legs and claws inside a condom for a mess-free seafood dinner"
"A condom makes the ideal storage container for leftover risotto."
"Wear a condom when working with raw poultry for an added layer of protection"
"Perforate a condom with a hole punch to make the perfect container for a bouquet garni."
"Fill a condom with 1 part peat, 1 part sand, and 1 part water. There you go: you've just created the ideal germination environment for tarragon seeds."
Heh heh! That's just like somethin' she would say, isn't it?!
...that cook was our ancestor. It's why I'm gay, and it's why you probably started to question your own sexuality a few years back. I know what it's like, Pat. I went through it too.
Oh, this is RIDICULOUS! You're tryin' to cover up your decision to be gay with some outlandish fairy tale, and you're draggin' ME into your shame! GREAT PARENTING, SIMON!
I know, I know, it's a lot to take in. We have some photos that will help.
I know the power of gay pornography! I will NOT look at your filthy propaganda!
Pat, these are photos of you.
NO! No they're not! He... he only looks like me! He...
They were taken by a magical Mexican camera that shows you not as you are, but as you wish you were.
But that man... he's everything I'm not... he's... deviant... rude... virtually unemployable...
...but bold, powerful... he's so full of energy... so playful... he has no... he isn't ashamed anymore...
Yes, son! Yes!
Todd! Get away! This ain't a party of crap dudes!
But ya' ain't even heard what I wanted!
You're terrible!
You are terrible!
S-S-So I'm enterin' this contest to yell "BALLS!" louder'n anyone's ever yelled it before!
Talk about rare!
Oh, I get it! You want money!
Yeah, I need some gear.
Go ahead, say it.
Lessee here...I need special ankle wraps to keep my ankle veins from bustin'
Someone's gotta pay for this shirt I had made...
All'n'all I think we're lookin' at about fiddy simoleons.
God dammit Todd.
The Italians
Beef, dogg. Bad news, man. You seated?
Oh Christ you got that tone dogg what the hell it is man who ate it don't talk soft to me.
It's Leo, dogg. From our gym. They just found him, dude.
Hold on what in the hell "our" gym
Are you serious you mean Leo from the uh the Caddy dealership?
It's a stone blow, man. This shit is Druid. This shit is Easter Island. This shit is Druid people at Easter Island, man.
Damn man Leo wow I mean what's the main sentence of this thing Holmes
The M.E. said Leo had such a massive heart attack that the heart actually broke off and went almost an inch to the left, tryin' to escape the attack. It's called Scared Heart Syndrome, apparently. Anyhow.
Oh man was he like nuclear-pissed at me for makin' that crack about his thighs?
Leo always was wound pretty tight. You should've seen how ballistic he went when someone took his Beach Boys CD last week. I didn't have the balls to tell him it was me, so I snuck it back into his Caddy that day you met him.
So between you and me we basically played this dude into his grave like a couple of guys on the same side of an air hockey table
Services are this Sunday on the #1 fairway. Symbolizes the new game he's playin' in heaven now. Wear a collar, spikes OK.
Babe? What's the matter? You...you shrank really fast!
THE HELL WHY DID YOU LOLCAT ME ON THE NEWS RAY YOU SON OF A BITCH!
LIKE HELL IT'S GONNA "BLOW OVER" MAN THIS IS GONNA "BLOW OVER" JUST ABOUT AS FAST AS THAT PRINCESS DI THING!
Though the meme goes back as far as late 2006, the most famous lolcat to date has been the "Volvo/despair" cat seen at right, who did not debut until July 10, 2007. Rumours abound that this "King of Lolcats" is named Roast Beef and lives in Achewood, CA. A Myspace page created for Roast Beef shows 3,212,498 friends, and celebrity fansite TMZ.com is already offereing five figures for photographs of this emerging star.
Understanding lolcats... O'REILLY... Dr. Peter Schaefer
Try the NEW Lolcat DeLuxe!
YOU CAN HAS CHEEZBURGER!
Hey hot mama! Can you dig it?
What the--who in hell is this?
It's Ray, sweet thang! Whooo yeah! You feelin' me, baby?
Ray, you got some nerve callin' me after all these months.
Aw baby, I was just gettin' you primed! You ready to draw those curtains?
Tina?
LATER
Basically as I am seeink it, Ray, the problem is that you are not callink your girlfriend for five months.
Hmmm. So what? I don't follow you, Vlad.
You see, the hot babies like to feel wanted. If you are not callink them on the phone for a while, it is like a way of saying, "you are worst song, played on ugliest guitar."
You are comink on too strong. Does not make lady feel special.
Huh! I never thought of that!
The babies want the Make-outs to be . . . a tender secret; a soft memory to sneak away with when all alone.
Hm. Can I still call my junk my "rad chilies"?
47 AM
The hell your'e so picky at the buffet, son. You eat just one damned roll, you ain't gonna have no base down for later.
They haven't made ANY attempt to accommodate modern dietary needs.
Body eats a diet, diet is defined as food, I see plenty of that here. This family spent their savings to feed you, son.
Every single dish has animal products in it. I refuse to participate in the industrialized slaughter of life.
You put some damn food on that plate or I'M gonna industrialize me up some slaughter of life, you candy-ass word-style hero!
Roast Beef! How are you feelink now that you are the big married guy?
Well uh this definitely started better than it's gonna end if you know what I mean
What?! Already is divorce what she says?! The bitch! I KNEW it! Tonight, we drink!
No man I'm just sayin' years from now me all crawlin' around blind on the linoleum with some eighty dollar tube hangin' outta my Johnson.
My lady all dead six days in the bathtub and the guy from the county and checks the Yes box after Is It A Shame
Well, truth be told I'm doin' a lotta that Bik-aram yoga lately...that hot-room stuff where everybody can't help but pass gas. It's good for my old back, but damned if I can bring myself to take any of those women out for a cold beer.
Serious, T, genius call hirin' on all those molly brothers. Pay 'em out "fivepence-none-the-shilling" or whatever and keep the change, is what I...what, dude?
DAD! He finally came to check in! He finally wants to get our family together!
Sheesh! You people are pretty disappointing! Not even ONE of you raised your hand!
They told me you'd be scary and dangerous! The only thing scary about YOU is that your teeth have scabs!
a-HEM! Everyone I live with says that ladies should wear bras, even if their boobs are crummy!
We can do a lot better around here, people! Worst... dumps...EVER!
Come on now
Lay off me, Beef! I got a headache the size of a 747 peeling out on my brain!
I'll make you some breakfast if you want
Oh my goodness whoops is that your academic ranking in our senior class!
You got SOME NERVE makin' fun of my high school grades, Mr. Quotes Tori Amos During His Salutorian Address!
Oh and that's worse than not being able to learn Spanish
I didn't care about Spanish! I was a red-blooded male wth a whole lotta love to give!
You were all like ¡Hola Juan! ¡Yo reado dos math books! I was in my 4-Runner makin' whale music with Mary-Anne Feldman!
Happy Birthday, Beef!
Oh uh thank you but my birthday is not on this day
Yeah, but I know it's around now and I got this gift burnin' a hole in my pocket.
Wow uh man you know I ain't need such as gifts
Tough shit! Open it!
Esquire Magazine's 100 Favorite Sex Positions
Heh! Now that you got a steady lay, this should come in pretty handy!
Seriously, man. Have fun having sex.
This is #73, by the way.
Why sure Vlad of course you can come to the barbecue
Excellent! I am bringink date, is OK?
Heh heh! You got any lady-bots for us?
Oh shut up Ray don't even talk about gettin' with a robot
Come on, Roast Beef! You ain't never been with a lady robot! How you know you won't like it?
Oh just shush now that is a crazy idea and it is just terrible
I bet if you could read your email in their eyes you wouldn't mind the kink!
Is true what he says, actually! All our ladies have basic Ethernet. Read email during boff, surf web, whatever is needed.
Well would you look at that
You know what fuck this I got it on good authority that death just grabbed its car keys off the table by the door and damned if I'll eat my last line from a can
WOO HOO! SPEAK IT, GINSBERG!
GET GROSS, BEAUTIFUL! IT'S TODAY!
All aboard, sons!
There is this new invention called making love that the main doctors are telling scientists about
Does...the woman need to wear cheap purple pumps like...like these?
Yes indeed
22AM
Hey Ray, it's Téodor.
Is Circus Penis there?
What do you mean he went back to LA?
Yeah, I know he lives there, wise-ass, but we -
Yeah, of course this is about the Circus Penis Army.
I finally finished our uniforms.
He said I took too long?
Well, why didn't he say anything to ME?
He "realized a little too late that I was a ditherer"?!
Oh, this is great, coming from you.
Yeah, actually I DO care to explain that!
You score more weed than the toilet at the airport!
...alright, I give up. What do I stand to learn from the toilet at the airport?
Not to go around making a lot of big promises. Thanks, Ray.
Yeah, is Bono there?
It's RAY!
Ray Smuckles, baby! I just got a quick question for him about how he chooses a butler.
Oh, no way! You're Bono's butler? Nice to meet you! I mean, I know it's the phone and all, but-
Yeah, I'm lookin' for some assistance. A gentleman's gentleman, if you will.
Yeah, west coast all the way. You know a guy?
Oh, get out! He used to butler for James Brown? How come he quit?
Huh. Yeah, I guess when you think about it, James Brown IS ridiculous.
Beef! Come on out, man! You ain't left the house since you got back! Come on over and let's crack us open some-
Yeah Ray I am uh basically indisposed right now
What's up, man? You ain't left the house since you came back! I mentioned this!
Uh Ray I am with a lady friend at the moment and we have taken a DVD
Bring her over, man! Everybody likes to come to Ray's house and go swimming and grill it all up!
Does he have a pool table?
Yeah of course he does it is made out of like Yttrium and has such as a gyroscopic leveling system
Let's go over! It sounds like fun!
I'll put on my swimsuit!
...so who knew that Tiffany would design you a custom grill if you called them on a whim and discussed the idea and then agreed on a price!
Anyhow, get in quick here. I don't fully trust my abalone guy and I'm ten kinds of worried about that helicopter up there.
Tina, baby! Take me back! Please!
Ray?!
You got some nerve comin' round here, Ray!
Come on, baby! Let's French!
Beat it, jerk! I don't wanna see your ugly face!
Get out here! French me!
Yeah, is Bono there?
It's RAY!
Ray Smuckles, baby! I just got a quick question for him about how he chooses a butler.
Oh, no way! You're Bono's butler? Nice to meet you! I mean, I know it's the phone and all, but-
Yeah, I'm lookin' for some assistance. A gentleman's gentleman, if you will.
Yeah, west coast all the way. You know a guy? Oh, get out! He used to butler for James Brown? How come he quit?
Huh. Yeah, I guess when you think about it, James Brown IS ridiculous.
Oh my god did Ray just say what I think he said
Man how low can you get
That is low... as a dirty... *snake*
Uh Ray excuse me what was that about my mother
Um... uh... one sec--
Whoah hold on I don't get it
No! No! Roast Beef! Uh...uh...hold on! Um...uh...
Hey Beef? This is Molly! Listen, Kelly and I are gonna go out for drinks after work!
I'll call you later, okay?
Molly I need you to prove--
Owp, she's here! Love you sweetie!
Looks like you mean jack squat to her, pal!
I'm all alone in this world ALL ALONE !
That's right!
Nothing matters anymore I've got NOTHING TO LOSE
You're a zero!
Shoot a cop
Buy a nose on eBay
I'LL BE DEAD BY THE TIME THEY SLAP THE CUFFS ON
Heyo!
Oh, fuck! I must have dropped my medallion back in the car! Oh god please let that be where it is please please PLEASE please please!
In his role as a friend of mine, Ray agreed to do an interview for Man Why You Even Got To Do A Thing. This interview was conducted on May 6, 2006, at my place, which is his pool house.
So how are you doing Ray. Are you having a good time.
Man, don't ask me that. I ain't even sat down. You got any grenadine?
Interesting. Let's talk about this. Did your mother have any grenadine, or was that mainly your father's obligation? Because you seem to feel entitled to grenadine.
Ha ha, motherfucker. Listen, I got to fruit up this Bullshit Sunrise because you have set up the most baloney mini-bar of all time.
So what you're saying is that you cannot make a proper Tequila Sunrise because I only have a small airplane bottle of Cuervo and a packet of Sunny Delight orange guice drink concentrate on the end table by your chair. You're saying things like "Bullshit Sunrise."
Damn straight! I got like 50cl of bad tequila here, a paper cup, and some powdered Tang or whatever, and this is how you treat a guest? Man, I know you know better than this, dogg. You know how to set up a basic decency bar. You're just tryin' to piss me off. You got a game plan, here.
Well, maybe I do. Let's see.
Interesting. You're waiting to see if, for no reason, something exciting will happen. You grew up wealthy, is that correct?
I'm waiting for you to make this worth my while. Most any dude in the game would know to get his subject juiced so that he'll talk.
So you want to get drunk and talk about yourself. Hold on, I'm writing this down.
It's your show, man. I'm just tellin' you.
There have been ideas, in the public, that you like hop-hip music.
Man, don't be stupid . Hip-hop is here to stay.
What does that mean, "here to stay."
It means that kids will always play these records, man! Hip hop is the streets!
Yes, we often hear about this, this hard life and bad scene. How come people who have a bad life sing so many songs? Is it from the slave tradition? You almost never hear of plantation owners coming up with wonderful, original music. Wasn't the only music ever written by a plantation owner, "chopsticks"?
Hey, man! You feel like throwin' on a flick?
Oh...hey, T. You never call me anymore.
Sorry, man. I was already in the neighborhood.
Really? How come?
Because I was coming over.
Oh, I get it. Nice. Can't fault that.
So, what're you snackin' on there? Some kind of canapé?
Well, we got kind of an El Bulli think goin' on here. I call it "cold nachos"
Round tortilla chips with torn-off bits of Kraft Singles?
It's all about denyin' expectations at this level. It's like, what do we really know about a nacho?
That it's melted cheese on chips.
Yeah, but not this time. You seein' people like Roger Moore fly around the world–twice–to eat this kind of stuff. 'Course, the cheese is in a perfect triangle on a Möbius chip at El Bulli, and not all raggedy, like I'm doin' here.
Oh, right. That's exactly what's going on.
I know, man. You want one?
You got any Tabasco?
Neat idea.
See, the Tabasco works because the bite needed moisture and a top note of acid.
Each of these ingredients I would eat on their own. Don't egghead in the ghetto.
You know what? We should crumble all this stuff up and stir it in with some scrambled eggs and salsa.
Like chilaquiles, or migas.
Do that immediately. I'll queue up Braveheart and see if there is a bottle of Blue Label in my hand.
Yo Cornelius! What's a good tea to like?
Well, that depends on what you're looking for. Are you new to tea?
Pretty much. I mean, I've had Snapple, and plus that stuff at Chinese joints, so maybe I'm, like, "intermediate."
The tea Americans are served at Chinese restaurants isn't fit for an enema bulb.
Wow! You wouldn't even drink it with your ass? Now that must be some bad tea, my brother!
Would you drink...Earl Grey with your ass?
Only if the safety of my countrymen depended upon it, but it is difficult to imagine a scenario in which a foreign enemy would structure its demands in this way.
No it ain't. Let's say Al Qaeda needed a little video to give its troops a boost, and you were one of like six U.S. hostages.
The terrorists are like "Look, our guys haven't had a good chuckle in days. We'll let you go if you stand in front of this American flag and drink cheap tea with your keister."
You salute your men, about-face, and drop trou. Orlando Bloom plays you in the movie.
Alright shoot uh well dogg just two weeks until I'm married I guess
That's right, chief! I'm with ya every step of the way!
So we only got like so much time left to party in
How does you and me and a six pack of Tequiza sound
Aww yeah! Now you're talkin', Beef!
Oh hee hee dogg we gonna get disastrous man we gonna get ruined on that stuff
Right ON!
Dang Showbiz that's four to my one man you are in shape
BRAAAAP!
Hnyaaah! You're already gettin' soft, dude! Let's roll to the store ASAP - I think I could go a full case tonight, man!
Oh geez right man what was I thinking all getting six beers
Okay then uh crack that last one for the ride and I'll drive us to Lucky Supermarket
Beer in the car, dude! Total Sammy Hagar!
Okay bro you get us some limes and I'll pick up the brew
No prob, bro! YEAH!
aww yeah who brings the pain
Sir uh there is a drunk guy messin' up the produce if that's a thing
Security, he's back. Yeah, it's the guy from the print-out. Third strike - I'll call the cruiser around, you detain him.
ROGER
Police Blotter
Say Blister, who's the neatest person you met in Heaven?
I MET THE GUY WHO INVENTED SALAMI
No!
YES
No you didn't!
YES I DID
But you don't speak Italian!
THAT WOULD BE A GOOD POINT EXCEPT THAT WHEN YOU GET TO HEAVEN YOU IMMEDIATELY KNOW ALL LANGUAGES
Huh! Do you even understand Chinese?
NO WAY THAT SHIT IS INSANE
IT'S ALL, CHING CHONG WING WONG
Téodor! I got us a client! Todd is starting an airline and he needs a logo made!
Can he pay?
Can he...DUDE! Of course he can pay!
What kind of logo is he lookin' for?
He said he wanted somethin' with his name and some wings and stuff. Can you do that?
There, how's that.
Hm. We gotta get this in front of a focus group.
Hold on, do you like it or not?
Well, Téodor, I don't know if I like it until the focus group tells me, now do I?
Well uh it's kinda small for a logo I mean
It is a perfect... logo!
This drum machine utterly confounds me.
We have the instruction manual for it.
Philippe is standing on it.
So is business this bad at all the Subways in town, Lyle?
Pretty much, except for frickin' Pat's.
What's so special about his place?
The guy plays all the angles! I started servin' booze to try and drum up business--
--and he had his friend on the city council shut me down for not havin' a liquor license!
That is low as a snake
And get a load of this flyer!
10.01.2001
That lady is tough man she has some brass cans
4.21.2002
SUPPORT MODERN CATHOLIC ARCHITECTURE
9.17.2003
Chicken Smiley
Hi, man.
Yeah, Beef! I DID commission you and Molly a custom romance novel for Christmas! It finally showed up?
Yeah, exactly. I just had to fill out all these little fields for each of you, and their service did the rest!
What's that, a walkie-talkie?
It's a police scanner, dude! This crap is hilarious!
We've got one of those-- what are you tuned in to?
The Taco Bell frequency! You know, the one they use for their drive-through headsets?
Uh yeah I would like just such as a simple taco
Hey, that's Roast Beef!
Anything to drink, sir?
Do you charge money for a cup of water
Beef! Just get us a Diet Pepsi!
Alright alright how much is your smallest cup of Diet Pepsi
$1.49, sir.
I can't pay that kind of money for a small Diet Pepsi that is asinine We can get a 2-liter bottle at the store for like 99c
You are SO cheap! Hey! My boyfriend's so cheap, he snuck a ziploc bag of moussaka into the movie theater!
He did, ma'm?
Man don't yell at the worker Molly he'll take a dump in the taco
I resent that, sir. I... I think you'd better just pull through. I won't be filling your order today.
See what you did, Beef?! DAMN you!
You know, Ray wrote a romance novel a couple years back. He doesn't like to talk about it.
Really!
Yeah. I think I have a copy in my room.
My Heavens!
I'm
a
Caaaake!
This is it? Where are the blood-vomiting winos and toothless huffer-sluts?
Better get someplace high and look around
Oh my god! A piece of an old closet door with pages from Swedish Erotica #34 pasted to the inside!
My friend Justin and I had this one when I was a kid...wow...
UGGH! STUPID FRIDGE! STUPID HEAVY FRIDGE! STUPID JERK FRIDGE!
I'm coming, couch! I still love you! People care about you! You were always our friend! You matter!
Hello is this KPMA radio
Yes this is Peter Cropes calling for the 4:30 voice actor's audition slot
Yes I did receive the sample ad scripts via Carl's email
Yes ok I will start with number one
FACT! Ridley's Black Oak Grill serves the best Clams Casino in the entire tri-county area!
FACT! Ridley's Black Oak Grill will honor ANY competitors' coupon!
FACT! COME TO RIDLEY'S BLACK OAK GRILL TONIGHT AND MEET THE GIRLS OF HARTZHEIM LINCOLN-MAZDA, CONVENIENTLY LOCATED AT 421 GRAND AVENUE!
No this isn't Tim from accounting !
Well next time I "spend all night snorting huge rails of coke and doing push-ups to old Sam Kinison routines" maybe I just WILL call again !
The cop who has to shoot people that jump off of tall buildings (before they hit the ground). Saddest job in the world, anyone? Thanks, L.B.!
Old ladies all have the same haircut...I bet they tell their beauticians their plans. Beauticians? Write to me!
I don't know why the kid is so morbid this week maybe it's the weather
Wow! Can you show me how to blow bubbles too, Téodor?
Sure!
There... now flatten the gum across the tip of your tongue and press it against the inside of your lips.
No...not quite like that. Let's try again. Flatten your gum out around the tip of your tongue like it was a little helmet.
Whatcha' doin', Mr. Bear?
Hello, Philippe. I'm occupying myself by writing polyglot palindromes.
I'm sorry. Phrases that are English in one direction, and a different language when read backwards.
Oh! Do you mean like if a beatnik who isn't proud of himself wants to talk to you, so first he says, "So, cat...a rap: all it rot"?
I--my dear boy! This...this is phenomenal! Have you always had this ability?
Oh gosh, I wouldn't call it an ability. It's just somethin' I can do. "Crib bickerer!"
"Rerèkçib birç"! The Turkish insult, "God will shame him on harvest day"! As I live and breathe, do it again!
Wow, you like this stuff? For real?
Little Philippe continues to confound me. On one day, he might spend five hours wrapping his lower extremities in wet toilet tissue, only to throw a tantrum when no one is around to photograph him in the hardened mass. The next, he might speak in bilingual palindromes, or lead a frog through a makeshift obstacle course using only a small tatter of yellow madras. Often times, it seems that the only difference between children and the insane is pride of workmanship.
Mom, guess what! I'm calling you from a pay phone...
and I didn't even have to pay for it!
Heh!
Philippe? Dear? Is that you?
I used an Anarchy Box!
It's actually called a Red Box.
Did you get the sweaters I mailed you, dear?
Yeah! And we used ground-up aspirin and lemon juice to erase the postmarks!
Oldest trick in the book!
I re-used the stamps to send you some pictures that I drew!
Oh! How precious!
Lyle also taught me how to make a fake ID!
I made you one that says you're 65 so you can get the retirement breakfast at Denny's!
Ha ha! Don't thank me, thank Anarchy!
Dang Molly this place is completely fancy
It's your birthday treat! You deserve it, sweetheart!
Why don't you pick us out a nice wine.
Dang I got like no idea of how to do that
Do they have just such as Coronas
French restaurants don't have Corona. Choose a wine.
Bon soirée, and welcome to Les Jamelles.
May I start you off wis a bottle of wine?
Oh yeah uh hi sir uh I would like a serving of your classiest wine
Monsieur?
Do...you have good wines ?
Yes, we have an excellent selection. May I make a suggestion?
That would be acceptable sir
The '95 Mouton-Rothschild is at he's peak this year.
Hm yes sir and this wine you mention will it make us look like dicks
Pardon?
Beef!
OH uh sorry year I didn't mean to blurt that out I just uh I ain't know too many wine terms
Per'aps a more recent vintage, sir.
Hm yes well then what is your most recent wine
The 'ouse wines are on page sree.
Are house wines considered pretty recent ?
Many authority on the subject consider house wines to be extremely recent.
Well then uh we would like three dollars each of your most recent wine
Tres bien. Now I must take yo-yo or pet toad as collateral.
Letter for you from Harlequin Romance. Want me to toss it?
Oh! No - that's my paycheck.
You're writing romance now?
The Mini needs a new clutch.
Mind if I read some?
Judge the audience, not the author.
These guys don't know this, but I got a special softball bat. To make today a thing.
Clear liquid-filled acrylic with a young Elvis...
Lyle, wo ist unser TV?
Ich habe keine Idee.
Ach! Es gibt ein Erscheinen über Blut heute abend.
Roast Beef! Come on out the spaceship!
why should I... Just gonna get lied to
Is that what you really think? That I'm gonna lie to you?
always do
WHAT'S THE MATTER RAY
Aw Chucklebot, if I knew then I wouldn't be in this mess.
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU AND ROAST BEEF NEED TO HAVE A LITTLE HEART TO HEART
Whoah! That's ill! I don't need that kind of advice!
YOU NEED TO REACH OUT TO HIM RAY - SHOW HIM THAT HE CAN TRUST YOU
What the hell, man? You been watchin' too many women's television programs! Get lost!
Phew, glad THAT'S over! Man, 1882 was MEGA dull!
You didn't have to lie to him! He was so nice to us!
Well BLAH blah BLAH blah BLAH blah BLAH!
Ray! Look! The police are at your house!
That ain't the police! That's the company that looks after my Harman Kardons!
I hope to crap they're OK!
Philippe, I'm going to sneak into the house and check things out. You stay here by this ugly plant.
Be careful, Ray! There might be machine guns!
What the... "Braveheart"?
A case of Red Stripe?
A completely colden family-size pizza from Papa Tony's?
Roast Beef's income tax forms, completely blank, with a pencil next to them?
Todd's van?
Lyles Palm III?
Téodor's "Howard Jones" blanket?
Dear. God. I. Am. Not. A. Religious. Man. But. Please. Help. Me. See. The. Connection. Here.
Ich habe Gesellschaft!
Im Thuringen sagen sie…
Hunde mögen nicht Frucht…
Hunde mögen bumsen und schlafen!
What are you doing, Lyle?
I'm lickin' this bra! Found it at the police station!
Gross! You don't know where it's been!
It's been on TITS, man! That's pretty much the only place one 'a these goes!
What if it was on some septic, lactating crackhead?
Male or Female?
Can male crackheads actually lactate?
They'll do anything for ten bucks. You want a go? Left cup's all yours.
I'll pass. I'm allergic to dude-milk.
Your loss, hombre. Have fun watchin' TV.
oh man no no he ain't got to do this twice in one night!
Oh boy! I wonder how many ladies wrote back to Roast Beef!
I better tell him to get his dancing pants on!
[[stares at the computer. Displayed in a giant monitor window with scroll bars behind him is the following information
Man enough of all this chitchat I got to lose myself in some won ton Go hit Chevy Ford Wo's for some of the classic old stuff
Hey stoopet! Yoo wan' sum food to-day?
Yeah uh hey Chevy gonna go family-size on some won ton I got a lot of thinkin' to do
Regala stoopet, o sum big stuupet tis taiym?
Talkin' about a ring and a lady maybe dude
Yooo fuckface, no way! Tat lady Mollee?
Oh uh yeah wow you remember her?
I no got haf-hitch fo a brrain! Tat lady in hea two day ago, try buy you kitchin lessan!
Jesus christ that's right I said I wished I could cook up some basic Chinese at home
Sum lady like tat, yoo make a comitmen! Tat lady have yoo back when you sixee-foh an yoo butt fall off! Keep yoo from eat a dog food in a sewer! No to menshin plus side of life!
You can't be serious. You drive a Cadillac Escalade?
Made in America, bomb-shiggedy!
Actually, your Escalade was assembled at the GM plant in Mexico, from God knows what.
GM isn't going to do anything to disabuse you of your "all-American" assumptions, of course.
The best thing that can be said about the Escalade is that it has the fuel economy of an oil fire and handles like a Best Western.
Daaang, Dornheim! Cars, planes, politics, newspapers... you know goddamn everything!
Tell me this, though.
All cars are, like, internal combustion, right?
The most successful ones, yes.
What would an EXTERNAL combustion engine be like?
C'mon stupid old car! Start! START!
Yes!
Mr. Bear, who's better - Emeril or Jesus?
Good heavens. Call me what you will, but on dry turf I'd go with Jesus by a nose. Why do you ask?
Because Jesus could turn loaves into fishes and feed a thousand people, but Emeril feeds that many people every day at his restaurant!
Ah, but they have to pay, and suffer the quiet humiliation of going with tap rather than sparkling.
Of course, many sources document that Jesus's fish was underseasoned and heavily padded with mung bean sprouts, so you've got to consider which customer truly wound up topped off and mulling the port.
I'm more confused than before!
Dangerous questions take us down dangerous paths, Philippe.
Would definitely buy
Would consider buying
Would maybe not consider buying
Would probably not buy
You should make a shirt with the strip from 1/21/03 on it! My friends and I would totally buy that if we got jobs! -Eric M., Glasgow
Dang! I feel like a million bucks!
Whaaat
DOG IS MY CO-PILOT
With ballet so expensive these days, I can't afford NOT to wear them!
Okay Weldon now comes the part where we brown the lamb for the moussaka! Ain't that fun boy! Ain't that fun huh!
Roast Beef! Get that dog out of here before it starts biting!
Weldon doesn't bite Gramma K
Don't you talk back! Now get that thing out of here!
Weldon isn't going anywhere and that is the final word
Why, the nerve of you! Come over here and get your slap!
Old woman listen to me.
You have forbidden me from pleasure since the day I was born Now I pay for this house and I pay for your wine
So as of this day I am the LAW and I am the LASH do you hear me!
DO YOU HEAR ME!
Alright everybody! It's time to see my ass!
NO WAY MAN
BOO TO THAT
How do you know that a robot's ass is bad?
IT MUST BE
WHY FIND OUT
It just looks like this
Oh it's just this dumb shoppin' site
Daaang! Uh...um...Oh!  "Windows *again*, huh?!"
Aw yeah dogg
Oh! Uh...hold on...uh...
"Your mom? You mean that sweet little subroutine I had in my lap last night?""
) KNOCK! :) KNOCK! ACHOO!
These children are dead!
21-G
Oh no! Stupid deer! Why did you have to be out in the road?! Oh no oh no oh no.
Oh my gosh!
He's trying to get away... I guess I would too
Ray, can I have fifty cents for a Skor bar from the vending machine?
You shouldn't eat that stuff, Philippe. Candy bars are hell of hinge on the body.
But you just ate one! I saw!
You had a Three Musketeers and you were sticking peanuts into it!
Peanuts are health food. Everybody knows that.
Why you think Chinese people live so long.
They do?
The oldest dude in the world is always Chinese. If I'm lyin' I'm dyin'!
Chinese people are amazing.
Everything we invent, Chinese dudes did it like 900 years before.
Paper, clocks, glasses...Chinese. I ain't be at all surprised if there's some Ming vase out there with a picture of some emperor's cell phone goin' off in the movie theater.
Holy crap! That sorry-assed crybaby won the goddamned Survivor?!
She was all just whinin' and carryin' on for so many days I wanted to get on a plane and cold flyer her ass outta there myself!
Then why didn't you, Ray.
Man, YOU know I can't remember where Survivor takes place one season to the next!
Béneline Aulogois ran her tanned, elegant hand over a fragrent whell of ripened Brie. Born and raised in Ebbs, Texas, one would not have guessed that she would one day rise from her lowly roots to become a world-famous pop sensation.
Oh boy! It looks just like my drawing! Thank you, Lyle!
Eh, no problem. Good to be wrenchin' again.
Wow!
Did you get the horn to work the way we talked about?
Try it!
HERE COMES A HUGE FAG
Hey!
Don't make my car call me a fag! That is very rude!
Lyle! Hey! Where did you go to?!
Oh, brother! I can't drive around in a car that calls me a fag! It will cause problems in the community!
Aw, don't w-w-worry about it, little guy! You should hear MY horn sometime!
IF THIS VAN'S A ROCKIN'
I'M DOIN' COKE TO DOKKEN
SHOOT IT! SHOOT IT, RAY!
I KNOW, MAN! I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN!
DO IT! HE'S STILL ALIVE! HE'S IN AGONY!
HE'LL WEAR HIMSELF OUT! HE'LL WEAR HIMSELF OUT! YOU EVER KILL A PERCH?
THIS ISN'T LIKE THAT! HE'S TURNING IN CIRCLES! HE...HE WANTS TO SEE WHY HE'S IN PAIN! SHOOT HIM OR I WILL!
DO _NOT_ SHOOT THAT HEAD, TÉODOR! YOU ARE A LOT OF THINGS, BUT YOU ARE NOT A GUY WHO SHOOTS A HEAD!
_I'M_ A LOT OF THINGS? WHAT ABOUT YOU! YOU BOUGHT A HEAD! MAYBE YOU'RE A LITTLE STUPID WITH YOUR MONEY, RAY! YOU EVER THINK ABOUT THAT?
OH! SO WE'RE GETTIN' STUFF OFF OUR CHESTS NOW, IS THAT IT?! WELL, _YOU_ AND _I_ SHOULD PROBABLY LOSE SOME WEIGHT!
Man, you really got a thing for the swing, Ray. You are something of a natural man of golf.
Heh! Thanks! You think so?
I think the tea really brings out your waltz time, brother. Look how you cold eat up the grass.
So uh do I hold onto the club such as this
Loosen up a touch, Roast Beef. Why don't you take yourself a great big bite of reefer.
Shucks you know I ain't really uh I ain't never--
It's cool. Just go on and bite that apple.
Shucks ok then Oh uh wait hold on How will I know if I'm high
Don't worry, I'll give you a sign.
The sign will be that life is awesome.
So welcome to Support Group, everyone!
Has anyone had any Bad Problems since last time?
Nope. Not me. Next!
Pat tell him
Hush now, Pete!
Tell him what happened
Not now!
Pat? Do you have a Bad Problem you would like to share with everyone?
Pat has a Bad Problem
I do not! Lay off me, all of you! Hey, did you know that Nice Pete is Crazy?!
Pat, if you won't tell us your Bad Problems then it is unfair to get to hear our Bad Problems!
This is unbelievable!
Pat cried but did not Accept that he cried
How DARE you! How DARE DARE DARE you!
Pat, you know what Mr. Gary says about crying!
Crying is Nature's GAAAAS STAAATION!
You know, before he left, Roast Beef and I always said that we were gonna start a rap company someday...
We had all kinds of raps that we were pretty sure we could sell to the big names...
We had raps about shooting out windows, we had raps about what it might be like to have eye problems, about how you shouldn't hit yourself when you make a mistake... all sorts of stuff.
You know what? If he makes it back here...
...if he ever makes it back here, I think we're gonna *start* that rap company.
Okay it looks like I'm drivin' a golf cart
I understand this information
That's cool that's cool
If I do not mess up I can probably park the cart somewhere logical and sneak off
I could go home and hide beneath the sink with a yellow pillow and some cigars
I could set up a nice small stereo and enjoy some nice Johannesburg Riesling
I could read some magazines from my childhood such as Bananas and Thrasher
That would be fun
man that actually sounds awesome!
Andy! Is Vlad! You are still at work?
Yeah.
We are agreeink to meet at Sneakers sports grill twenty minutes ago! What is deal?
Oh, I don't know. I'm kind of having a good time here.
There still will be barbecue sauce labels to design in the mornink! Come to Sneakers!
You should see this one I'm designing right now. It's la bamba.
The dude is so self-centered! Is so shallow! Why he cannot come to simple evenink with friend?!
What I'm hearing here is that you guys aren't really good friends.
I... I hate Andy is so content just with his corny red Fender Stratocaster and alphabetical CD shelf! I live next door to Andy six years! We watch over two hundred DVDs at his place! But pierogi at Vlad's? Even one time? Not a chance!
Lie Bot, would you like to join us for dinner?
Man, you know robots can't eat dinner! What the hell?
Just hang out with us! You don't always have to go into the garage while we eat.
Maybe there's something I like to do in the garage while you eat! You ever think of that?
Well sorry! I just thought I'd ask!
Well thorry! i jutht thought i'd athk!
LATER
Dixie_Dan
Alright, Beef. Vlad's here to help you with romantic etiquette.
Oh uh but I don't need-
Roast Beef. I am glad they call me. Am heppy to help friend in need.
Vlad uh I don't know what they told you but I don't need no-
Bah! I too walk down these neighborhood streets, Roast Beef.
I look in the windows, I see family's children makink imaginary airport on arm of couch.
The father smiles; he is proud of his bounty, of his beautiful achievement. He holds wife of many years.
But you, when I get to window of YOUR house!
Man don't be lookin in my-
Rye bread sandwich with Saltines as only filling.
Shower cap when usink computer, to keep hairs out of keyboard.
Always taps left hand twice before reachink for mouse.
"Jesus C#####, Lyle! What Soviet carpet salesman you pry those things off of?!"
He does not have health insurance, so everyone should go and ""
People got much gripes on Lyle's new frames but it ain't like he got health insurance. I always think a dude of low frames is rollin' harder than some gink with cop-out Malcolm Xs. --RBK
Circus Penis? Yeah, This is Téodor!
I... Troy Harlem! You sent me to stud in "SoftBoys: Picnic Panic"? Yeah, that's me!
Well, that's because I AM grouchy!
Why? Because you sent me to star in a gay porn film and didn't tell me!
Is this how you haze new guys? Make them drink antique cocktails with Rod Huggins?
Yes, it is.
I- what? Are you continuing to kid around with me, Penis?
That is our test, and you passed the test.
You see, a lesser man would have done anything for the money or the fame. You didn't compromise yourself, and now you have moved on to the next level.
Welcome, Troy Harlem. Welcome to adult films and services.
SOON.
So what is the Circus Penis army for? What will we do?
Poolside barbecues, skimpy tops, margaritas in the blender, man. I'm thinkin' quick-release caftan.
Uh huh. Are you more laurel wreath or monogrammed terrycloth sweatband?
There's no good time to have a baby. You just have to start.
But there is no bad time to NOT have a baby
People half our age with no resources already have kids.
People half our age also have tattoos of Insane Clown Posse going over Niagra Falls in a tomato.
You're avoiding the subject.
Am I avoiding the subject, or am I doing  philosophy ?
If "doing philosophy means chickening out of being a man, then yes, you are doing philosophy.
If a man is chained in a cave and he sees the shadow of a baby play across the wall, does he instinctively know that he will be yelled at for doing such selfish things as going to get a haircut, even though he looks like Ted Kaczynski on a 3-day Jäger bender ?
THERE ARE ACTUALLY BAD TIMES TO HAVE A BABY:
During an already awkward meal at a four star restaurant
IT'S CROWNING
You peegs!
OR
While a tweaking Pep Boys employee fails to explain why you should get your brake rotors resurfaced
It's like...pretty impordant. It's pretty impordant. You should do it. If the car has sat at all.
Wait, so is like two or three weeks considered "sitting"
I'll ask my manager. That sounds like a close one. It could go either way. That could go either way.
Man this guy is PARTYING
BEEF! IS IT CROWNING?
You ever think about doing any stud work in the adult film industry, Téodor? We'd be happy to have you.
Um, I dunno. I'm not really in very good shape right now?
There's a growing sub-genre called Softboy. SB.
They use doughy studs to help the average home viewer "project."
In fact, I know an SB director who'd think you were pretty easy on the eyes.
I...I don't know.
You should try it, it'd be a lot of fun for you.
You would have fun.
This might sound kind of naive, but how do you keep your parents from finding out?
That you're out of shape?
That you're a porn star.
You might try a stage name. If I were you, I'd go for Troy Harlem.
Wow, you can think them up just like that?
Ted Max, Curty Boy, Darren Steam, Rocco Carbon!
Bada-bing, bada-boom. All brand new, never been used before.
How do you do that so fast?!
"Vocation" comes from the Latin "vox," or voice, meant to imply a calling from God.
Some boys memorized baseball cards; my science fair project definitively traced John Holmes' HIV infection to Joey Yale.
She made me feel amazing. I started sayin' stuff so good I didn't even know I could say it. It was like a goddamn genius was drivin' me with a joystick.
Hey there, britches. Priest's playin' at the Sherwin-Williams expo tonight--you'd look awful good at that concert with me.
You really think so, sugar?
Hell yes, babe. You ride with me, and I'll get you fucked UP first.
You gonna feed me too, or's you all talk?
Oh, I'm gonna feed you, baby. Name's Lyle.
You can call me Darlene, then, handsome. How's about a Big Mac dinner?
I don't eat where I shit, underpants. How's about a Chili Foot-long at Jumbo Hole and some SoCo in a hobo bag?
That'd be real nice.
Yeah, give us a Chili Foot-long, a Blister Dog with shake and mustard, a Cabin Melt Plus, and two sides of beef'n'onion chop with extra Saltines.
So how'd the concert go?
Hard to say. I kicked a dude's ass, a different dude kicked my ass, she clawed at some bitch, and I think we either puked or fucked behind the beer tent.
Such fine lines can get blurry.
Hey--you go see Priest in Florida, you're lucky if you don't wake up next to some guy named Death Steve who's eatin' a head like it was an apple.
Hi Roast Beef! thanks for asking me over! I brought us a bottle of wine.
Hello Molly thanks you for coming over it is very good to see you
I am not much of a cook but I hope you can uh still enjoy my I mean our diner at least somewhat
Oh and I had better get this breathing I'll just be a moment
I hope you like chicken which has been baked in a dish !
Oh uh why don't I put on some music
Do you like music
I like music
Yes, I like music, Roast Beef.
Hey man, what time is he gonna let us in?
I don't know, man. He said 8:00 and it's, like, 8:15 probably.
Some party, Téodor!
I call any bottle that has a handle. You think I'm joking? I'm not! I want a huge amount to drink.
I am wearing some delicious cologne. Let's get inside, already!
I learned five jokes!
I even washed my butt!
WHY ARE YOU WHISPERING
Téodor! Open up! I can't feel my sack!
Ahem! Gentlemen! If I may!
God damn. What can I do to class up this cornbread mix.
Email! Large! I love that stuff!
LAZARUS SHOWED GREAT PROMISE AS AN ARTIST
BUT OUR FATHER FORBADE THAT HE FOLLOW HIS TRUE CALLING
MY BROTHER'S RETALIATION WAS TO EMULATE OUR FATHER IN EVERY WAY...
TO PARADE THE BITTER UGLINESS OF HIS OWN LIFE BEFORE HIM.
Wow.
OUR FATHER IS NOW ON HIS DEATHBED.
I DESPERATELY SEEK TO REUNITE THEM BEFORE THE OPPORTUNITY IS LOST AND LAZARUS CAN NO LONGER FIND REDEMPTION IN THIS WORLD.
Can...can I help?
YOU MUST PLACE ME UPON THE UNSHOD FOOT OF THE MAN WHO WEARS LAZARUS.
ONLY IN THIS MANNER WILL HE RECOGNIZE ME AS HIS BROTHER.
Hm. Lazarus is going to make a stink if he sees you...we'll have to trick Ray somehow.
WILL THIS BE DIFFICULT?
MEANWHILE.
Hey Lazarus, look! I just ate about half this piece of paper!
Completely on accident!
How's fattening up for winter going, Todd?
Aw, f-f-fuck! I knew I was forgettin' somethin'! Frikkin' Funniest Home Videos. Now I'm gonna die!
Do you need me to cook you a bunch of casseroles or something?
Naw, way too late. It's over. Promise me one thing, T.
Yeah?
When I'm gone, put a little helmet on me. Put a little helmet on me an' set me up an' hit me with a baseball bat. Be a pal an' do it until I clear the fence. You'd do that for a guy, right?
Sure, Todd. You want me to film it?
Funniest Home Videos, box 2110, Hollywood, CA. VHS preferred.
So! 'Ssssup, brah! Didn't think I'd miss your wedding, didja?
Oh uh definitely not we got a seat for you and everything
'Course you do, bro-dareeno! You always gotta have a seat for the best man! Right next to YOU! Head table, dude! We're finally gonna PARTY!
Presumptuous son of a bitch!
I wrote a speech and everything, man! This is a really big deal for me! I had a rough year, man...
...so if I do a good job with the speech and stuff, this is like a real big turnin' point for me! I guess I'm tryin' to prove that I can be a stand-up guy like you!
You're a role model, Beef! You show me what it means to be family and stick up for each other!
Oh Jesus shut up with your hot buttered lies or I'm going to be sick
You god damned entree-wanting organism
CRAP now I got to rack my brain and engineer my brother out of my wedding party and it ain't like I already want to SLICE THIS DAMN WEDDING IN HALF LIKE THE GORDIAN KNOT OR ANYTHING
But first we got to send you off in style, Beef! I'm talkin' off-the-hook bachelor party! They got this strip club down in Acapulco called The Organ Hatch, man! I'm gonna get all your guys to fly down there! Hummer limo, Cristal, the works! First hooker's on me, man!
Well good 'cause she sure as hell won't be on me
Come on Weldon let's go for a walk okay boy!
Ha ha okay check your pee-mail
Now run around and have just the happiest old time
Dang man I didn't know you were in the area Showbiz !
Hey Beef! 'Sup, chief?
I see you have a mustache now
It's the only way, man! Chicks cream over this thing!
You also have quite the sun tan
Picked it up in Acapulco! Some awesome chicks down there, dude! Think about it! We'll party!
Here let me help you with your bag
Don't --
Man you got a lot of mustard and Hunt's ketchup packets
That's...uh...that's my prototype! I sell these to dudes all over!
Prototype?
It's a 4-sided sign! See, you fold it flat to reveal your message!
Fold it the other direction for bilingual!
What's on the other two sides
It's a little technique I like to call "The Entertainer." Watch.
ONLY $8]]
Either way, I should probably take this poster off the ceiling above the bed.
Is Antiques Road Show on?
Quiet! Law and Order's starting.
Oh no! They found a dead person!
They always find a dead person. Be quiet.
They never find a dead person on Antiques Road Show.
Hush!
On Antiques Road show they look at a picture or a vase and then they tell the person that is worth so much money that they will always be happy forever.
They never find a dead person with a wrench in his head.
Well maybe they should!
Uh, Beef?
Cash
Oh my god
Ray don't tell me you made PICKLES in this bed
Man, let's get out of here!
SOON
I can't believe you made us take this stanky sheet! What are we gonna DO with it?!
Take it out into the woods and shoot it I guess
What if someone finds it?! They could test for my DNA!
A turd with a bullet ain't exactly 5 O'Clock News Ray
Aww c'mon now Roast Beef! You a pretty damn handsome fellow!
Oh I ain't much to look at Ray Not much at all.
Seriously, Beef! You oughta go and get yourself a lady!
Oh stop it now Ray
You a charming fellow! You doin' the ladies a big disservice just by hangin' out with ol' Ray tonight!
Shucks Ray I don't know how to pick up no lady
Pickin' up a lady is the easiest thing in the world! Here now -- Just say your name...
Uh...h-h-hello my lady My name is Roast Beef
Good! Now you simply engage her interests!
May I entreat my lady to play at whist?
Hey. Yeah. This is Ray Smuckles over at Prime Time.
Yeah, I need a picture of the guys from Steely Dan where one of them is from America's Test Kitchen and the other one has been interrupted from a phone call where he was trading Russian teenagers for diamonds.
Okay, yeah, I see it. Thanks. That's Perfect.
This is not your father's stag loop!
Individuation
Ayurvedic Tapas
AGH!
So... what are you in for, Nice Pete?
I would take a picture of a child
And I would put that picture on the Internet
Y-you mean naked pictures?
No, they was all dressed and such
Then why are you in prison?
I would put speech bubbles above the child's head
And in the bubbles I would put pictures of my murders
Little nephew! What are you doing here?
You should be at home, practicing your musical instrument! Run along now!
But, Uncle Ray! I want to party like you do! I want to get my Bone on!
he stop at nothing to kill you.
Yeah, man, yeah. I like how that leg dangles off the bed. It's like, "Where does that leg go?"
Nice, man. Now gimme something else. Take me back to Broadway, baby.
Ooooooh yeah. Death of a Salesman. Work it. Work it.
Oh yeah. Act like you ate the candy, Rod. But also act like you deserved it.
Okay Rod, I'm gonna say something, and you just do whatever comes to mind, dig? Ahem... "There is no false power in the universe."
God DAMN. Brilliant, Rod. Just brilliant. This man could find work on Mars, people.
Wow.
Doggie the nation pisses hell of ducats up the wall on drinks and frosty beers
Can you please tell them to cut that shit out
I'm sorry sir but hell if I can you know
Fine then here comes an amendment against frosty ones
Fare...thee...NOT...well...Cymulon...Fare...thee...NOT...well.
Ooh! It's PAYBACK time, Cymulon! So much for YOUR seat at high court!
Pat what is on the teevee got you so incensed
I can't believe you don't watch Trials of Honour. It is such intelligent programming.
Is this that one where in the intro the two knights shake hands on a mountaintop and an eagle alights on top of their grip
It's a falcon, and yes.
Daaamn, Todd! Did you lost a bunch of weight?
Sure did! It's from all the f-f-fuckin' I been doin'!
Hey-o!
Seriously, did you score yourself some little bitta-bitta action? Good for you!
Oh man Ray squirrels are constantly getting it on just at every opportunity
Totally unprotected and everything
What the hell do ya think we d-d-do up in the frikkin' trees all day? Pray and sweep?
Well, not really. So, how do you keep from gettin' herpes and a kid and stuff?
I guess by not givin' a shit!
Daaamn! That answer could use some work!
Dude Todd is like the Steve Irwin of getting STDs
If gonorrhea was a piano Todd would be considered a bold and unpredictable new talent
Yo Connie! You in here? I gotta get some advice off 'a you, man!
Ray? Is that you? Oh - dear. You've gone and put your foot through my childhood drum.
Oh... man. Not your childhood drum.
I'm afraid so. I was taking pictures of it in the evening light.
I'll... I'll go. I'm... I'm sorry, Connie. You know that, right? We'll talk. Soon. In time. Don't answer.
No, what's done is done, I... I suppose. You... wanted some advice?
It all seems kind of stupid in the circumstances. I'm really sorry, man.
Where do you keep your childhood drum, Ray?
Mom's got it. Put it away in the hall closet at her place.
Do you sneak upstairs and play it at Christmastime, after everyone else has gone to bed?
You... you know I do, man! Stop it! Why you got to make this worse for all of us?
Hey Beef! You seen Uncle Culpepper around? He didn't come home last night!
Oh uh yeah man you ain't gonna believe this but I saw him carryin' on with Tina last night dogg
What? Don't lie to me, just tell me if you saw him or not-I'm worried! He has a Condition!
Serious Times dogg I was over kickin' it with Emeril and Spongebath when those two stumbled by all juiced on the stuff
Dang, Emeril and Spongebath live in the same building as Tina!
Hey dudes! Did you see Tina walkin' around here with an old man last night?
Spongebath saw'n am-bu-lance what come deep in the night-time adn take they both from this place.
Dogg what got into him this is some black beans Ray what we gonna do?
I have a strong suspicion that his slip into aggression is due to a miscalibrated frontweight. What did you use?
I made his weight outta my Sir Tim Berners-Lee fridge magnet dogg it was exactly 2.5 ounces I checked it on the scale I checked it on the scale!
My god, man. It must have been picking up paper clips and things this whole time. He's only going to go more insane as it keeps adding weight.
We've got to stop him.
Man how could I be so stupid
I'll call over to his place
WAIT! His housemates can't suspect anything! We have to go over there wearing ours and act like it's all a big gag
Okay right otherwise everyone will think he has lost his mind
Look at ME!
Look at the genius!
Knock knock! Ha ha! A big Mega-nerd hello to you, Philippe!
What...what are mega-nerds?
Mega-nerds are people who pretend they have computers in their underpants and play hide and seek!
Oh! So that's what Téodor was doing!
You saw him! Has anyone else seen him?
I don't think so. Lyle's in the garage, but he's throwing up spaghetti.
Philippe, the Mega-nerds need YOUR help! Bring this cup of Mega-water to Lyle while we find Téodor!
Wow! Cool!
Lie Bot, what is the saddest thing?
Philippe, Philippe, Philippe.
The saddest thing is a little girl who is told by her own mother and father that she will never be pretty.
And then they open the front door, and on the porch is a little white suitcase, with all of her things in it.
Nooo!
That's right, just want to renew my health insurance.
Wait, what?
No, I ain't got a fax machine! I also ain't got an Apple ][c, polio, or a falcon!
I needed to ask you something! Why do you insist on leaving your cell phone at home lately?
The latest articles are all about how electronic devices give off cancer-causing electromagnetic rays
I ain't want that action hanging in a pocket mere inches from my peter Boy Named Sue 8-bit ringtone all agitating my free radicals
Your Nokia isn't going to give you peter cancer.
Show me the Newsweek article with that title and I'll use it again
You don't even get cancer there. You only get it in your testicles.
Oh WELL then as long as you're cool with coming home to find me tea-bagging the garbage disposal then sure I'll carry a cell phone
Ahh, the postprandial hand-rolled and finger of grappa.
Cornelius!
Why good evening, Patrick! How nice to see you!
Lyle needs me to send him one of his guns. Where does he keep them?
How curious! They're in the garden shed, beneath a-
I ain't no boob, I'll figure it out.
Allright, I gotta go. Let me get a taste of that... that pinot grigio?
No, it's-
You are invited to a celebration for Sony recording artist RAY
please RSVP by November 23
hosted by Téodor
Téodor! You throwin' me a party? I'm touched!
You sold 34 million albums, Ray! This is unbelievable!
There will be room for all my babies, right?
Oh my god! You've already got a stable?
My AIBOs! I don't go nowhere without my little honeys!
ARF!
Well, sure...how many -
I have 34 AIBOs.
What?
There's Sweetie, and Pumpernickel, and Magic, and Sam, and Melon, and Olive, and Ruby, and Tammy, and Mr. Sours, and Bite-Bite, and Joe, and Okey-Doke, and Fingers, and Sweet Spot, and Slow-lane, and Weldon, and Doctor Kisses-
ARF! ARF! ARF!
Todd, can you hear us?
TODD THE SQUIRREL IS NOT HERE...RIGHT...NOW
Look, we saw you drive down the stairs. Are you okay?
NO...YES
What's the matter? Are you bleeding?
I...I can't feel my tail...I...
Okay, so for the wedding menu -- did you guys have anything in mind?
Well, you know Beef's greek, so--
--so he wants to drink wine that taste like it got to third base with a schnauzer?
You've had restina? He made me try it when his uncle came to visit.
Yeah it was like drinking a melted Iditarod. I was all, "DID THE DOGS JUST DO NUMBER ONE WHEREVER?" and the flavor was all, "WORK IT OUT, EINSTEIN."
Oh, Téodor. Thanks for making me laugh. This whole planning process needs to be more fun.
Stop thinking about scoring with her, you lousy bastard.
With no family around, it must be really hard. You want to... to talk about it?
Quit saying the right thing! And quit getting hard!
Oh my god. Really?
Quit knowing this is exactly how you'd hold her during lovemaking! Quit smelling her hair! Quit seeing her peaceful face on your pillow in the pale blue cast of dawn!
Man, I really done it up with Christmas lights and a pony this time.
Beef HATES lolcats. Hates them to HELL. And I just made him the most famous lolcat in the history of the world.
Maybe get him a nice home defibrillator or CPR kit that has a foot pump so you ain't got to put your mouth on nobody.
I did my dude wrong and I got to spend about six hundred dollars.
Six hundred dollars is class money.
Damn. I didn't mean to step on Téodor's fancy new guitar, but I did. I should give him about six hundred dollars.
Crap. Connie left his French horn under a towel in the bathroom and I crushed the main horn area. We lookin' at a six hundo.
It is hoped that horns are modular.
Is Your Boy a Chunkity-Ass Nerd? All across this great nation our boys are becoming chunkity-ass nerds. We aim to change all of that. Whether your boy is a chunkity-ass, a nerd, or a chunkity-ass nerd, we can forge him into the man this country needs him to become. Dads, make this call today. Don't leave it up to some cheesy-ass woman. 606-427-2975 Debord, KY MikeStonetowerSchool.biz
Daaaamn. Little Nephew has been addin' some chunkity on the waistline lately, and the way things are these days, he is probably a nerd.
Game Box. MySpace. Flickr. YouTube. IP telephony. People don't get chicken pox anymore.
But if you don't even understand my life, how can you pretend to know how to "fix" it? You're going to send me to get my ass kicked by a guy who trained himself to be a Marine by jumping off his roof onto a trampoline, aren't you?
OASIS!
Wot yeah
Is it quittin' time then yeah mate
Aw, Liam He's gonna be pissed that you asked 'im that
Up your arse Noel I'm the one what 'as been removin' most 'a this bleedin' ivy
Yeah, it's Friday afternoon. You guys beat it.
Kin we come in and scrub up then? We's real filthy-like.
Hmm...only if you sower together. I need some photos to sell on the internet.
You want lewd piccies of the Oasis boys inna' shower together?
That's a right batty ideais what that is
I don;t want 'em, no, but someone will. I'll gove you five bucks if you kiss.
Aw, fer sod's sake
We gotta get better representation' is what I say
How come only one of you is circumcised? Aren't you brothers?
Yeah it were a real weird decision what Liam made to go all Jack the Ripper on his knackers so late in life
Aw up your arse Noel wot d'you know innyways
Look Lyle! My mom got me an electric guitar!
What's that? Some piece of baloney from Sears?
Stop it! It's totally rad! Just listen!
HERE COMES A SPECIAL BOY HERE COMES A SPECIAL BOY HERE COMES A SPECIAL BOY
Roast Beef, could you come into my office?
okay
Listen, Beef. There's no easy way to say this...
...but you're leaving the company.
I am?
Sorry, Beef. After the Philippe contract fell through, we were forced to make some pretty tough cutbacks.
But I'm the only other person in this company Ray
I can't offer you any severance, but I did make you a mix tape. Here you go.
DEAR ROAST BEEF
AS YOU MAY HAVE NOTICED THIS IS NOT ACTUALLY A MIX TAPE
IT IS JUST ME TALKING ONTO A REGULAR TAPE
I COULD NOT FIGURE OUT HOW TO GET THE CD'S TO PLAY ONTO THE TAPE PLAYER
I AM SORRY ABOUT THIS ROAST BEEF
Oh, no WAY is he playin' this heavy metal bull-crap in MY house!
Little Nephew, I'm takin' Hyddyn Sceptyre away.
You can't do that! I'll just get another one!
Hm. Maybe if I act like I'm into it, he'll think it's not cool anymore!
I just want to make a copy! I listened to mine so much I wore it out!
You know Sceptyre, Uncle Ray?
Heh! Back in my party days, I used to hide MY Sceptyre to these tunes! Know what I'm sayin'?
Heh heh! Sweat all runnin' down Uncle Ray's back, Sceptyre all cranked to the max! Whew!
Hey Emeril dogg did Ray just swing by there all in a huff
He were much aggry-vated and we did send him to Hospital yes
Dang was he really that freaked out by Tina jamming his uncle?!
He did grab hine heart and make terrible oaths upon it
I got to get to the hospital and see if he's okay!
Man, he might really be off his halves!
That chickenhead swallowed a Domino's Crazy Stix down the wrong pipe? That's all this is?!
Nephew! How dare you impugn Miss Tina's honor while even now she lies in repose!
Draw your weapon at once! I demand my Satisfaction!
I needed to ask you something! Why do you insist on leaving your cell phone at home lately?
The latest articles are all about how electronic devices give off cancer-causing electromagnetic rays
I ain't want that action hanging in a pocket mere inches from my peter Boy Named Sue 8-bit ringtone all agitating my free radicals
Your Nokia isn't going to give you peter cancer.
Show me the Newsweek article with that title and I'll use it again
You don't even get cancer there. You only get it in your testicles.
Oh WELL then as long as you're cool with coming home to find me tea-bagging the garbage disposal then sure I'll carry a cell phone
To allow people to write a sentence on the computer.
Oh drat, I shouldn't have driven Téodor away.
I need the perspective of a greenhorn striptease patron, for the sidebars and case studies . . . Who to call, who to call . . .
Hey you old p-p-piece 'a crap! You got any money or ham or nothin'?
Todd! Delightful to see you! I just may, if you have time to answer a few questions!"
Ok. So . . . Todd, have you spent much time in strip clubs?
N-n-no way! I'm just, like, real real against c-c-cover charges. Like, as a ph-ph-philosophy.
Most clubs don't charge covers. Are you sure it's not an issue of discomfort with a fully nude female?
Hey, you's sayin' I'm a homo! I ain't no banana factory! Get a clue, jackass!
Actually, I meant more that men, when presented with their ultimate desire, may suffer performance anxiety.
Nahh, I can plug the meter on a dime. NEXT!
Perhaps, then, we look at the "sensitive" side of Todd. Deep down, do you see the exchange as demeaning to the woman?
Huh! Sensitive Todd"! I could be like a high class m-male escort! Do me up a bizness card and I'll keep answerin' ya stupid questions for free!
Well, I am a bit of a dab hand with this new "QuarkXPress" computer program . . . it shall be the work of an instant.
So! No broke chicks, no prudes, no church-face retards . . . ya gettin' all this, mac?
Mmm hmm. Mmm hmm.
Aw, damn! Who calls a player in the tub?
Yo, Smuckles! You even smell bad on the phone!
Butters! You lookin' for your moms? 'Cause I just kicked the bitch out. I thought you said both her eyes worked!
Belieeeeeve. Say, you meetin' up with the brothers in the syndicate down in Cabo this weekend, right?
I completely forgot about that.
Yeah, yeah, I'ma be there. For reals, cognac-large.
Check this, Smuckles--I chartered a luxury chopper, an' I got an extra seat. All yours, straight dutch.
Ain't you usually fly with Akkolade?
Brother has to get some shots before he can meet his fiancee's family. He's flyin' in later.
Dude's marryin' his maid again? What's that, number eleven?
Heh. The brother is ravenous for love.
Seriously man--just between you and me, I really respect that.
Yeah, yeah. Great. When we leavin'?
Man, I though you said our chopper was deluxe! This thing looks like a chicken jumped into R2-D2's teleport beam!
Heh! Must have been some mix-up...a player can roll with it. Let's load in just in case another bird doesn't show up.
Lookit THIS, Téodor! Mercedes-Benz! WHITE frikkin' Mercedes-Benz! EAT IT UP, PAL! WALLOW IN IT!
I guess Johnny Carson had to drive something. So what?
Don't you get it, you moron?! Jeezus CHRIST! This is MY car! I got this car! Things is lookin' up for the old Todd-man!
You don't have that car. You have a picture of that car. How... how long have you been awake for? You should drink liquids.
YOU DOUBT ME? YOU FRIKKIN' DOUBT ME?! WELL I'LL SHOW YOU, YA PRICK! WHEN I GOT MY BIG TV SHOW AN' MY WHITE CAR I'LL BE THE FIRST ONE IN LINE 'TA COME AN' KICK YOUR GODDAMNED HEAD IN! PRICK!
They're startin' to laugh at me, Ray! I need this car! I need this f-f-frikkin' car bad, man! You got no idea!
Interesting. Okay, on a scale of one to ten, I need you to do a skit where you wear nylons and...and drink from a chamber pot.
Ten! TEN! Let's GO!
Welcome to Support Group, everyone! I'm Aaaarthur, sitting in for Mr. Gary, who is visiting his dead sister!
Hello, Arthur.
Hello Arthur
Well, now! I see we have a new member with us tonight!
This is Nice Pete. I am his sponsor.
Welcome, Nice Pete! Now, just to get a sense of where you're coming from, I'm going to show you some photos! Just tell me what they make you think of.
Here's a picture of the Oscars! Oh, how fun!
I see a bunch of alive people with eggs and testicles
Alright, Beef. Your catchphrase is, ¡Sciencia -- Que Bueno!
Now let's do a dry run off the teleprompter. Jaime the Science Friend, take one! Three... two...
Hola mis Sciencios !
Say, ju prolly wonner why ketchup can clean off a penny ! Jaime wonner this too !
Maybe ju an' me are amigos !
Dang man ain't this gonna be insulting to Latinos
How is it insulting to know facts. Think about what you're saying, then pick up where you left off. Three... two...
I mean it basically implies that Latinos make friends for dumb reasons
I don't have time to debate what makes a friendship meaningful. Get into this. Three... two...
So one day I get this penny and it was muy brown ! I got no time for a ugly penny ! I was like, this is craaazy !
Seriously man I'm worried that instead of teaching science I am just gonna get my ass beat down
...aaand we'll cut that last bit in post. Lunch!
You know what? If I ever made my money and could settle back, I'd open the pizza parlor we all went to as little kids.
We talkin' 'bout red glass Venetian candles? Push-button cigarette machine in the entry?
Real cotton gingham tablecloths...all the walls in dark wood, amber-pebbled plastic tumblers for water...
Salad dressing all in some stainless steel five-bowl server caddy...
Blue cheese, Ranch, Russian, French, Thousand Island!
Italian comes on the side 'cause you gotta shake it!
All cooks and dishwashers fifty years of age in the back never gonna have no pension
Only socially able to marry a dim wife who clamors on every day about how she caught stinkeye from some immigrant on the bus
Waitress all can't get no better job 'cause one time back in life she shoplifted some lipstick
Come on, Beef. Don't be a drag. We talkin' 'bout a fun time here!
Sorry dogg your pizza parlor is my exposition of the main living miseries
A palace of woes where the living buy bread from the already dead
Man, somebody cut this guy off. He's saddin' so hard a poem came outta' his face.
This is just cola
Do you know how hard it is to write when you're all high on prescription codeine cough syrup?
It's REALLY hard! But when you've been coughing your brains out for three weeks, I guess you finally rearrange your priorities and drop the dose.
I'd basically been expectorating one green egg yolk from my lungs every half hour since two Mondays ago.
Not only was it revolting, it was extremely painful after a while.
It got to where every cough ended with a whimper.
I dreaded waking up each day, as I was virtually promised an hour of coughing fits and spasms while my sinuses drained the curds of the evening's repose.
My wife finally called the doctor and got me the codeine, and now I've gone and shown you my special private drawing of garlic beating up a pear. I'd better get away from the desk before I start inventing fake mod bands.
Chucklebot! I am not believink it!
WHAT IT IS YOU ROCK AND ROLL FAGGOTS
Barkeep! My friend would like a shot of Grenadine with a cock ring floater!
THE FIRST TIME YOU TOLD THAT ONE I LAUGHED SO HARD I FELL OFF MY DINOSAUR AND BROKE MY IGNEOUS THONG
Seriously, Chucklebot! Is goot to see you again!
I heard you got fired from your job as a lamp that the Queer Eyes threw away!
You...you are well?
KID ROCK CALLED AND SAYS HE WANTS HIS GENE POOL BACK
Paula Poundstone called! In between muffled sobs and the sound of two dozen pills dropping into a martini she told me she wanted her sense of humor back!
You are havink place to stay, Chucklebot?
The FONZ CALLED TO MENTION THAT HE WANTS HIS PRIME TIME-FRIENDLY FAUX DAGO SEXUALITY BACK
RAY? BEEF? You guys around?!
Oh wow, Oregon Trail! I haven't played this in years!
Let's see here... got to buy a wagon and supplies...
some strong horses...
get them shoed...
Hiram the Blacksmith asks if you would like a cocktail while you wait.
Wow!
"Accept!"
Hiram the Blacksmith mixes you a delicious concoction of coconut-infused rum and tropical juices.
Holy smokes!
"Thank you Hiram!"
Hiram fills your glass again and again as he prepares dinner. Without warning, he playfully kisses the back of your neck.
"That's cool"
Hello Ray
You do NOT need to buy eggs
You do ____ need to buy milk
RUNTIME MEMORY ERROR CODE 140293 ABORTING PROCESS
ROAST BEEF! I think I broke the program! Oooooh damn! Oh no! Ohhhno-no-no-no-no!
You can't break a computer program
But look, dude! LOOK!
Huh
OHHHHHHHH Man! I'm so sorry, Beef! I just ruined everything, didn't I?
This just indicates a type-9 memory stack leak
It's okay - I didn't actually want to go to sleep tonight
I've been having real awful dreams about giant apocalyptic machinery
just mowing us all down
You've been a bit of a mope lately, Téodor.
sigh.
All I do is put on my pants, watch reruns on YouTube, then take my pants back off again and stuff myself into bed. I don't even play the guitar anymore, and when I get hungry I just flip through the same six takeout menus.
Sounds like you've got a bit of the wintertime blues. You know, Molly got Roast Beef one of those... "season happiness lamps," if that's the term I want. You ought to go see if you can't sit under it for a spell.
OOOH YEAH BABY SHINE THAT LAMP
SHINE THAT LAMP ON THIS SAD, SAD MAN
YEAH? YOU LIKE THAT, YOU BIG, SAD BOY?
OOOH YEAH BABY NOW SHINE THAT THING UNDER THE COVERS YOU ABOUT TO MEET DRACULA MWWWAH-HA-HA
GOODNESS, I SEE ONE PART OF YOU THAT DOESN'T LOOK SAD! HELLO, MISTER DRACULA!
DRRRACULA WANTS YOU TO WEAR THE SPECIAL PURPLE PUMPS
BUT THOSE MAKE ME LOOK CHEAP, MISTER DRACULA!
DRACULA DON'T GOT MUCH MONEY THIS WEEK MWWWAH-HA-HA
Man, I've had it with old people sayin' "our morals gettin' worse with every generation" and "why can't it be like the good old days."
Ain't those the same people gave us lynch mobs, asbestos, and flour-gut?
Here
IT'S...AMERICA'S MOST CHEESE-SHAPED DADS!
RICHARD FROM LA SCOPE, PENNSYLVANIA "LOOKS" LIKE A SCAMORZA!
RONALD PETRAKIS OF AKRON WAS NAMED "MR. MIMOLETTE" FOR HIS LACY, SEBACEOUS SURFACE DANDER!
CHECKING IN WITH...THE FATTEST HOMELESS VIRGIN!
STILL NO PROGRESS AS FLONTEL ENTERS WEEK THREE, HIS SHIRT BLOODIED FROM WHAT HE THINKS MIGHT HAVE BEEN A FIGHT...OR, WORSE, NIGHT ANEURYSMS...
WHO WILL BE AMERICA'S NEXT...
MOST DISABLED BALLERINA...
THIS WEEK...
KELLY SUE'S FATHER PLACES A ROSE IN HER HANDS - AND HER FEET IN THIRD POSITION - AS THE DOCTOR REMOVES THE VENTILATOR!
WILL her family take home the Camaro 6500?!
Still, man. Gladiators. Bear-baitin'. Stonin' women.
Tell me these fluff shows ain't at least better than straight-up public snuff.
What they lack in isolated blood spectacle they make for in continuous distributed cultural erosion
Like rain freezin' and thawin' between bricks year after year this house will come down
Used actors gripin' in a hot tub ain't exactly the four horsemen of the apocalypse, dude.
I bet there's a Nostradamus somewhere about a "raisin-breasted temptress
Your mousepad's all faded and oily. We should get you a new one!
AAAAAAAGH!
Man everyone in this Burger King is staring at me they know I'm makin' a TERRIBLE eating decision
I can't go throw this away in the bathroom though it's too late they're all watchin' me
Beef? Honey? Are you going to get out of bed today?
If I did I'd be bluffing
I wonder what my last memory of life will be when I die
Dude!
Have you heard of Seka?
...Although more likely...
But...but where's my special ornament I made for you, mom?
Beats me! I guess you dropped it on the way home because you kept taking your backpack off to jump in all those damn puddles!
But...but we need to go find it!
I'm not walkin' back all that way! YOU lost it, you LOSER! That's what a loser does, Roast Beef! He LOSES things!
What? Now you want to climb a tree? You sure have a lot of dreams for a french fry!
ii iii ii!
Well, how do you like it up here?
ii ii!
Yeah, I guess it is pretty scary
ii i iii iii?
Ha ha! Yeah, of course you can!
Philippe! I'm making Five Dollar Chili! Come on down!
I'm not coming down until I lose ten pounds!
That's no way to diet! Come on down and I'll make you a salad.
Will you put all the dressings into bowls with different ladles?
OK!
Can we listen to the Ford Trucks song?
Twice!
Do...do you have any... Vicodin?
What?!
From...from when you had your...wisdom teeth out?
Why are you asking me about that?
Y-y-you sounded too desperate! You blew it!
I don't even want Vicodin, Todd! All I want is nachos!
Crap, the camera's dead. You guys have a couple Brandy Alexanders while the battery charges.
SOON.
You seem a little nervous, cubby. First time?
What makes you say that?
Oh, the fact that you look like you're about to rent a me a jet ski.
This is no good? I thought it looked pretty porny.
I prefer my tops a little more cardigan and corduroy, if you know what I mean.
What do you mean by "your" tops? I thought Jim was the director.
Pudding, I'm just playing with you. What are you doing on an SB set? Shouldn't you be sitting somewhere wishing you could save a baby seal in front of Kate Winslet?
Okay, why do you want to have a meeting with Mexico?
It's just a general purpose meeting so we can meet each other.
Do you think you can make some cakes and hamburgers and stuff?
For the President of Mexico?
At first I thought tacos would be fun, but that's probably what he'll have on the plane ride up.
I strongly doubt the Mexican President's flight crew cooks him tacos.
Oh! We should also make sure he wipes his shoes before he comes in the house.
What? Why?
Hey Téodor. You been workin' on Philippe's campaign? You look a little stressed.
Our candidate thinks the President of Mexico's private plane has a dirt floor.
One time in Sunday school I pronounced "Nigeria" as "Niggeria." Diplomacy's a tough tattie.
You had a bunch of stuff overflowing your mailbox. Here.
Thanks, hometicket. Put it anywhere, I'll find it.
"Tostada" magazine? What's that all about?
That's all the latest with tostadas.
A tostada's a flat crispy tortilla with ingredients on it. How do they fill it up... sixty-four pages each month?
Well, check it out. See this month's featured tostada? What do you notice about it?
Hmm. The edges kind of come up like a taco salad, and it's got processed-looking cubed meat.
A lot of people are calling bullshit on that tostada, dude.
In fact, word on the boards is that Morgan Freeman sounds off in this issue.
Alright Philippe the next move is to name your running mate
How about Todd?
Todd's funny.
Everyone likes Todd!
Let's use Todd!
Oh uh I got the numbers on Todd
Polls show that he is actively disliked by females, ethnic groups, religious groups...
...and males who have just made or have just purchased nachos
Plus Todd has that two panel tattoo of KISS going to the grocery store and then comparing their you-know-whats to the yams
How was your visitation session, Pat
Did you talk to a friend
Oh, it was fine. Just my old fool neighbor Ray.
He give you anything
Just this fancy pack of smokes Damn fool knows I'm trying to quit!
Nat Sherman Havana Ovals Give me those
H--hey! Nice Pete, why you breakin' them all apart?!
Devils of Monte Carlo
1956
What?
Apparently your friend Ray knows his movies
Are those lockpicks?!
Wooo! I'm startin' to f-f-fade. Wanna take?
SURE
Aw jeez -- look at this! A ticket!
WHAT THE HELL TODD WHAT'S IT SAY
Man, I am at a crossroads here.
On the one hand, Japan Man is right. One should be able to make one's own fortune in America.
On the other hand, Japan Man is wrong. If you can't hang in the major leagues, you simply shouldn't play.
So this is a classic struggle.
Do I do the humanitarian thing and bow out so he can prosper?
Or do I play the game as it is played and call it survival of the fittest?
Perhaps I'll just repurpose the joint rolling machine and make money a different way.
This month's Playboy Advisor says that the parietal lobe is the part of the brain that controls hand-eye coordination.
Perhaps we can wire the machine up to a small taser, which is calibrated to send an exact type of shock to the parietal lobe,
...which causes the subject to take out his wallet and throw it as far as he can from himself.
Lyle could catch it with a lacrosse stick or butterfly net.
This could easily toe the line between Nobel Prize and prison time. I GOT to find out if I can spin this as humanitarian. What's the firm that changed Paris Hilton from cocksucking dumbo to entrepreneur who did not send the whole world an MPEG of her sucking cock? They're good.
Man , Lyle left some bottle of ghetto gut around here.
I hate knowin' this stuff exists.
Gusano Rojo man that is the stiff coal
A real ankle drunk
*Mezcal*
Christ!
It smells like someone's working on a car!
Pour it down the drain man do the dude a favor
Are you kidding?
Throwin' Lyle's liquor away is like pickin' a fight with a meat packing plant!
Fine then
Let's at least drain it and fill it back up with Ancient Situation or something else less embalmy
What if he actually likes this stuff?
Dude you don't LIKE Gusano Rojo
What you LIKE is that you're holding something the police will wrestle you for
Hey Roast Beef! Is this a real equation?
Well uh right off the bat I don't see why not
Okay, cool. How do you test it to make sure it works?
Man what is this what is this all about
I'm just seein' if I'm some kind of math genius savant, you know.
Might as well find out.
You are doing this in backwards order dogg usually a guy measures phenomena and derives the equation from his data
This equation just came to me when I cleared my mind, man.
I was just, like, channeling, you know? It's like, what if this was Einstein's last equation that he never got to write down before he died?
Well then us it looks like Einstein is placing his lunch order through you
I'm gettin' that feeling I get about twenty minutes into X-Files. Come upstairs and watch the window while I try this again.
Ray almost stayed here for two weeks.
If you spread a human brain out on a table, it would be about the size of a newspaper! Better not, though.
The brain is the only organ that hates crime.
Where is my friend...Nightlife?
He took off as soon as you got hurt.
That is...sad. That is...bad!
Very good! How come? Why is it sad and bad?
It's not...rad?
Philippe, please stop writing this down. Ray got hurt today. Not everything he says should be public.
I'm sorry. Hail Mary, full of grace, hallowed be thy name. Thy will be done, thy kingdom come, on amber waves of grain. Amen.
What's the matter Ray You lookin' sour as hell
Oh, it's Little Nephew. He cut this album speakin' out against algebra and I'm pretty upset with him.
The little dogg is against algebra That's understandable at his age
Don't you start encouragin' him, Beef!
Just look at his ambitions Ray Maybe he don't like algebra so much
But he cold mixed up a whole album
He is bein' real here Ray
Plus his rhymes are extremely tight
Hold on--you already heard it?!
Yeah I caught it on college radio man it is really makin' the rounds
Hee hee
Don't be like X is 5 If 5 is what you mean
If 5 is what is on your mind Then baby just come clean
What's up with Ray and that wig?
Oh uh he thinks he's channeling Einstein
Really.
Yeah he wrote down this equation that actually seemed to spell out a word
Now he's all like those people who say they see the Virgin Mary in a latke
Screw you guys.
Man, the adult film industry is really gettin' rocked by all these HIV outbreaks.
I know. I think the whole production system shuts down for like a month every time a new case pops up.
I wonder if it's havin' any effect on the LA economy, you know, with all those folks outta work...
I bet you can pick up late model convertible Mustangs for a song right now
Jenna Jameson all cooking Mickey Mouse pancakes at Disneyland
Her convertible Mustang running on fumes
Two payments behind
Peter North selling brushes door to door
All barrel for a suit and half a coconut in some crude semblance of a business-like derby
Denver Boot on his convertible Mustang
Oh no! I'm under attack by cods! Oh my goodness!
They're probably six feet long!
GO AWAY! GO AWAY STUPID CODS!
GO AWAY!
The cooler's still there! It must have just been a cheesy TV smoke missile!
...some doctored-up Estes Comanche with a D engine, covered in more black paint!
This interface isn't so bad. Let's see...Rescue: Grappling Hook: Drop: Begin.
I must be on the spout of a giant whale! When he stops blowing, I'll fall hundreds of feet and break my neck!
How come I'm not falling? Am I on a cloud? What if...what if I died and I'm in heaven? Maybe God lets you skip the scary part of dying...I should thank him if he has time to meet with me...
Hello, young man. Peter said you wanted to meet with me?
What does this concern, precisely?
I...I just wanted to say thank you for being God and for making my life good! I'll miss it, but I'm glad I'm here with You.
Wow! Thank you for the free toothbrush! Oh my gosh, it even has your phone number on the side! That way I can Consult you in times of crisis!
Philippe?
That guy, he is already. Maybe.
Maybe.
...with the ones at table three
Don't break the seal, dogg! Don't break the... wait, what?
Hey all right! Boutiquey picture frames with wire and plastic crap glued to the edge! I always wondered if you might be insane!
You know what would be perfect in here? A picture of YOU!
Cornelius! Package from England!
It's from...Shrovis-Bishopthorpe? It feels like...like a sturdy new head for a spade.
Ah, Téodor. Would that you narrated their television advertising.
Huh?
I see a bright-eyed lad watching the deliveryman pull away, confused but excited by what his father has received in the post...
... the gestalt of the whole not unlike the "1984" spot which Ridley Scott directed for Apple Computer.
Okay.
You got a box that weighs fifty pounds and smells like Sean Connery's neck at a wedding. Where do you want me to put it?
Aaaah, Halston suede and Giorgio of Beverly Hills. A whiff of landed sweat, and the merest suspicion of a preprandial on-brand 7&7.
But wait...lightly mildewed rucksacks, with finishing notes of shoes laced under threat of opprobrium. Young boys are punished for holding freshly-sharpened pencils to their noses and stealing in the heady aroma.
Despite its initial flash, this machine is as British as a bilious lord.
Simon Le Cowell! Nice to talk to you!
It's Cowell. Who am I speaking with, please.
The Grenchmen.
I haven't got any idea what "The Grenchmen" is.
It's the Nazi skinhead band you were in! In high school! Sausage-leg jeans, kicky-boots, the whole deal!
I was never in any racist high-school band named "The Grenchmen". This is absolute rubbish.
Funny how Photoshop disagrees.
Are you threatening me with extortion?
Maybe I am. But maybe there's somethin' real basic, and kind of fun, that you can do for me.
Look. Fuck off.
You know what? I'M in the music biz. I got a tight chest. I look like I don't care if I spend six hundred dollars. Who needs Simon Le Cowell?!
Lyle: If you need the glue gun in th
So Vlad, how's the Make-Out King?
Pretty good, Lie Bot. Been havink some pretty good make-outs.
Anybody I know?
Nah. But you should haf seen me in Vegas. I was in the zone, baby.
That's right! How was the trip?
Whoo, boy. I was relivink some of my better makeouts in the shower today.
I got so horny, I ate the soap.
RIDING THE TRAIN OUT OF FRANKFURT-AM-MAIN
See here, Philippe!
When I shake the Bruichladdich fourteen year, there are barely any bubbles!
But when I shake the '89 cask strength, look at all the bubbles! That indicates higher alcohol content.
Huh!
And watch, after five seconds there's still a "ring of pearls." That indicates a 50% alcohol content in the whiskey. Additional concentric rings would each signify an extra 2%!
Wow! Neat!
Now let's talk about body. See how when I swirl the '73, barely any "legs" run down the inside of the glass? This shows that--
"--that the oils from the Sherry cask have had time to..." damn, how did Ray already memorize this month's Playboy Advisor?
Whoo! Now THAT is a BOAT, Téodor!
Listen, man. I need to borrow your peice for a little while.
What?! Why you need Tic-Tac, Pat?
I'd rather not say.
Is everything OK? You look pretty shook up!
THEY CLOSED MY SUBWAY, RAY! THEY TOOK IT ALL AWAY!
So what?! You gonna blow somebody away? Not with MY gun!
It's My turn! It's MY turn to take somethin' away!
Pat! Stop! Noooo!
How was your weekend, Pat? You get any of the sweet stuff?
My sister and her new husband came over and watched TV. It was real mellow, dig.
Her new husband? You mean the new husband that I...
...Boned?
Dude, you should read this book! This chick in a little apartment in New York cooks all 524 of the recipes in Julia Child's "Mastering the Art of French Cooking" in one year!
Even the old-school stuff with brain and aspics!
Huh! You know, that's a neat way to frame a challenge. I'm 'a do somethin' like that...
...hmmmmm...what can I do in a year...
Abalone! Sassafrass! Mortise! Phones! Stand down, son---I'm on a roll!
Try a different sex position each day...
Can today's sex position just be that one where I'm alone in the bathroom with the water runnin' again? I struck out down at Clancy's.
Is...is everything okay, babe?
Jesus Christ what in the hell come on Dracula
It's alright, don't stress about it. It happens to every guy at some point.
This don't happen to me though dammit COME ON Dracula get outta that coffin
Do...is it something about me?
No it ain't nothin' about you I ain't know what in the hell this is
I always show up with my bro up that is like the ONLY thing I can always do
If it's something about me, you really should tell me.
Dammit Molly why you got to go and make this about you can't you see I got a major concern here
Hey, don't snap at me!
For all I know, you're having an affair and feel too guilty to be with me!
Oh yeah I'd look real good in that personals ad
"Worked-up silent dork without sex ability seeks oblivion and demise"
Thanks. That makes me feel really great about being married to you.
Again it's all about you I mean have you even considered that if a man's body loses its sole definitive function then maybe it might be dyin'
Beef, you think you're dying if you didn't notice when the mailman came. Get over it.
Man if some Inuit dude knew I had this problem he'd put me in a canoe and send me out past the tide
FOOD IS SCARCE ROAST BEEF AND WE CANNOT FEED A MAN IN WHOSE PANTS HANGS THE SPECTER OF DEATH
You, Dracula, the Inuit and the Specter of Death hash it out. I'll be on the side of the bed that isn't carpooling to Comic-Con.
Wow! You might be the only lady who ever liked to read Nate Small!
Nate was so cool! You know, you're a lot like him...
...really?
Tall... quiet... deep...
handsome...
Doc! Doc! His lips are movin'!
What's all this Ray?
I ain't even sure. Me and the boys got pretty donked up yesterday and went kind of crazy on those TV shoppin' networks.
What in the hell?!
Dear Ray, Let me get one thing clear. I love you. But it will be hard for me to learn to trust again after the events that falsely led against me (more on this soon).
Say hey, D'Shawn! 'sup 'sup?
It's Ray, man! Show me some love, dogg!
Ray! From Prime Time Records!
. . . your LABEL!
Of COURSE you know me, dude! I brought a twelver of Asahi to your birthday last month!
I don't like Asahi either! It was on the Club Card, dammit! I was in a hurry!
What?
Oh, alright . . .
American Curl, kinda light brown, Versace glasses . . . Yeah! Yeah! That's me!
Exercise, huh. Yeah, I'll look into it. Thanks.
Whatcha doin', Ray?
Daaamn! Look at this, Téodor!
Look at all these funny letters I can write my name in!
Yeah, those are called "fonts."
Man, I dig this font thing! I'm gonna make myself a logo!
Whoah! Who understands this font? Is this one for blind people?
Here, let me help you with that.
Dang! This is lookin' good, T!
Heh!
Téodor!
What?
We gotta start us a advertising agency, dogg!
I'm hoooome!
How was your day of feeding riblets and oil salad to the monotremes
Please can we not talk about Applebee's? Mr. Trayner was a huge jerk today.
I'm sorry How's that
He kept looking at my tits. How do you keep a guy from doing that?
Sleep with him
Right as he shudders to a climax look at his forehead and say that it would be good if you could do Thanksgiving with your folks this year and his the next
Thanks. I'll do that.
Also remind him that if he gave you babies from his weiner you are going to need a longer car
...an' a shotta Jäger for the l-l-lady, too!
So now, Todd, may I ask what your day job is?
I'm a d-d-detective! B-But not just regular! I got this special power!
Really now. And what is that.
I got bit by a...a electric eel...totally his fault, not mine...an' n-n-now I can solve crimes wit' my eyes!
Mmm hmm. And what was the last crime you solved?
I...the economy ain't so good, ya know?
Mostly I just...well, I just helped this one guy beat the livin' crap outta some w-w-wino who tried ta pee between his legs at one 'a those urinals that goes all the way ta the floor!!
Todd, I have a salary. I have been to breakfast restaurants at breakfast time. I have left sporting events under my own free will.
Don't worry, fancy-snatch. You'll be less of a bitch after a couple Jägers.
Oh...my God. You PIG.
What?! It's true, rookie!
Keep the money, Todd. Goodbye.
Whoah! Did I just make fiddy samoleans THAT fast?!
So check it out, dude. I was in Whole Foods, you know, 'cause I had to get this special homeopathic foot powder-
-no, actually the pro down at the club recommends this one brand for your grip-
So I get all on that aisle with the hippie pills and stuff, only someone had totally just cut the cheese there and ditched.
Yeah, it totally was a health person fart, exactly. It was even like more humid in that area.
Anyhow, before I can leave, this cute clerk chick comes up to ask if I need help...
...only she smells it too, and does that thing where she pretends she just remembered something and turns around on one foot while biting her lip and snapping her fingers.
That stressed me out, so I tried to light a smoke, only my Zippo ignited the damn air! Flames shot out like oak tree roots, ten feet around!
I guess that's called a "Whole Enchilada"? They actually see it pretty often, they said, what with Iraq War and all. I had to talk to a suicide counselor before they'd let me leave.
LYLE! You did potty on my very last kids' book!
Well you shouldn't 'a left it in the hallway!
Say you're sorry! This one was my favorite!
Aw...alright. Sorry, Philippe. Want me to write you a new one?
If you can do a good job, that would be nice.
Oh boy! I sure hope Cunty wins the town race! That's the only way the Mayor won't turn his pond into an apartment for ungrateful people!
Remember to put a dollar under the little tab every time you see Cunty! He needs that money to help him decide to win!
Oh my goodness! How convenient!
I can't believe you wrote smutty stories about SaniTaco and sent them to Nugget magazine! This is gonna destroy us!
The only thing that's gonna destroy us is if we don't start sellin' things to all those dudes out there!
Listen, you guys! No naked lady sat on the counter at SaniTaco! We are devoted to bringing you the safest, cleanest taco imaginable! Now who wants to order?
I'M Lyle! Come see the counter where it all happened, five bucks! Shake my hand for ten! Buy my hair!
This... ain't... the... business model... we...
SOON.
The guy with the gold jewelry says he'd like to use the cart in his next gonzo shoot.
Whatever.
If you stare at her chest any harder, you're gonna break one of her ribs.
Oh Crap
Red-handed
How do I get out of this
Marriage proposal definitely too strong of a diversion
Hm sometimes if you accuse a woman of doing something unsavory they just give you a silent scowl like you're the rude one for bringing it up
What the hell was that?
It's that thing you ladies do!
Osteoporosis?!
Sweet! Is this your new ride?
Hey! Don't touch the Sex Bicycle, Todd.
M-m-man! You must have some pretty wicked sack to be talkin' to me that way, Philippe!
You'd better believe that I have wicked sack, Todd.
Coming in 2006! Scenes from... The Story of Molly Sanders
Also in '06...
Who ate my dang nachos?!
WHO... ATE... MY... DAAAAAAAANG NAAAAACHOS!
Who in the hell?
Pat! Merry Christmas! Sorry I didn't see you on the big day. I'm still runnin' around droppin' off presents!
Oh, hi Ray. I'm sorry, I didn't get you anything.
No worries. Here, it's your present!
I... "To Shave a Sailor"?
I wrote a gay romance novel, dude! Might be the first of its kind! Hella valuable, dude!
Here, just open it up to any old page. You about to get hit in the eyes with some cask-strength gay, brother.
TO SHAVE A SAILOR - R. DORADO - 233
Hey, Philippe! Here's a fiver. Pick me up a pack of lucky strikes.
Um... Okay...
You get my smokes, little guy?
Suck it, old man.
DON'T FORGET TO TUNE IN NEXT TIME WHEN WE'LL HAVE MOTHERS WHO STILL SPANK THEIR ADULT CHILDREN...TAKE CARE...
..SO WE'LL SEE YOU NEXT TIME WITH A VERY SPECIAL EPISODE ENTITLED, "I LOVE MY FAT SON."
...AND JOIN US TOMORROW WHEN WE WRAP A MAN UP COMPLETELY WITH ONE CONTINUOUS STRAND OF SPAGHETTI AND HE TRIES TO SLURP HIMSELF FREE.
My heavens, Lyle! When did you start this franchise?!
My uncle died, I inherited it. You want a sandwich or what?
Is the parent company helping you take the reins?
Bah! Not hardly!
They're openin' up three more franchises on this same street!
Hm. Where to hank Jared poster.
This not such easy nut to crack.
Here you go, T! Merry Christmas. Sorry I didn't get this to you on the big day.
It's been crazy.
Wow, you wrote a book?
Heh. Yeahhhhh. Just got it back from the printer.
"Are You There, God? It's me, Jamiroquai" By R. Smuckles
As Jamiroquai comes of age, it frets over its new breasts and wonders why every other band seems to have gotten its period. "Not since Judy Blume has Ray Smuckles succeeded in accurately describing that awkward phase in a band's life when it becomes a woman."
Be sure to tell me what you think. I don't even know if this was the right thing to do.
Oh! Oh! McDonald's! Let's stop!
aw sweet Man I am so hungry
Hey look at that, Beef! They got one 'a them little dancin' Santas!
So they do
HEY! HOW MUCH FOR THE DANCIN' SANTA?
Man Ray don't buy that thing
Come on, Beef! I'm goin' nuts just listenin' to this AM radio! Let's get some new tunes in the car!
I'm sorry sir, the Santa isn't for sale. It's the manager's mother's.
I'LL GIVE YOU FIFTY BUCKS! BE REAL WITH ME, BABY!
Come on man don't pay fifty dollars for that
Huh! It seems like he only just plays Twist and Shout! I think I got ripped off!
Well you see Rose
My situation is this
My friend Ray sold his soul to the Devil for a magical piano
Yeah to impress ladies with exactly
Recently he died of ice cream headache brought on by consuming a large number of Tofutti-Cuties
Naturally he went straight to Hell
What
Oh it's like this vegan ice cream sandwich
But anyway
Do you think that if I throw up into an electric outlet I will most likely die and go to Hell too
Heh heh yeah I guess you don't have that one in your Butterball database
Tell you what
I'll give it a shot and if I don't call back in five, it was nice talking to you
Welcome to Hell, Roast Beef. Here's your 1982 Subaru Brat.
I heard on the news that Osama bin Laden snuck into the United States!
Really, Lie Bot?
Yeah. He could pop out anywhere, they said.
Could he even be in the computer?
No, only good people can hide in computers.
Phew!
THAT NIGHT
Magnum P.I.!
Hurry, Philippe! We need to save the princess! Get on this pony!
Hello, Lyle. I understand that you play on the bass.
Huh? Oh, hey Cropes. Yeah, I got an old Rick. What's up?
I would like to form a music band with you, if you don't mind.
You see, I very much enjoy the stress I feel when many, many people are looking at me. I also enjoy music from time to time.
I will be the singer. You do not need to worry about the singing, I will take care of that task.
Actually, I have already finalized it. We will be called Mister Band. It is a good, honest name that people can believe in. What?
No, there is not a particular style such as blues or heavy metal. I don't care about any of that. It will just be good music, played well by men.
Come over now and we will record a hit album. Then we can play a concert tonight as the people go crazy.
Man, I just had a COMPLETELY trashy orgasm!
Shut up, dude! We're worried about something else! Philippe has an Internet sex stalker!
I took care of that.
I... what do you mean?
I got rid of that guy. Nolan? Yeah. You all think I don't pay attention, but that is a damn mistake.
How did you know about Nolan?
Again, there you go! What in the damn hell do you think I do all day? I take care of my people! I knew about that crap from day one!
How did you know Nolan was about to molest Philippe?
Because I pay attention. I PAY ATTENTION. You didn't know I was paying attention because you weren't PAYING ATTENTION.
When I was a kid, a teacher told me to pay attention. I guess I took it to heart.
Beats me, man. Beats me why most dudes suck. Sure as hell ain't my scene.
Hey babe! I stopped and got us some mu shu.
Oh excellent
What's that smell? Did you ride the bus today?
Oh uh Showbiz is here he is cooling it on the couch for a while
Your brother? Okay, wow. I wish you'd have told me. I'd have changed after work.
Hey Showbiz Molly's here and she brought us some Chinese
Dude I told you to save me a piece of that gum and you ate the whole pack!
HNNYAH!
You know what? He's gonna go through with this. Time to get started on some wedding toast action.
I got to make this special. Glenfiddich, bring out the passion in the man. Fill up my fountain pen with the burnin' flavor of love.
Heh heh! Daaaamn, I got it! Do it straight-up Carlin! Ain't go sappy...bring the house down!
Hey everybody, Ray Smuckles here.
Just got to tuck this in the tux, I'm done!
Sheesh, ain't there anything them Chinese DON'T consider a delicacy? Look at this guy on public TV eatin' raw snake cheeks.
They always say the weirdest stuff "makes you strong."
Well, if that's true, how come most Chinese guys are just average strength? I mean, look at black dudes. Hella strong, yet mainly eat normal stuff like burgers or cake. No way you'd catch a brother squattin' by a river, nibblin' on a snake face.
You would if the economy of the brother's village was based on riding a bicycle with no tires past a broken crate.
...Yeah, you're right. I guess I shouldn't be down on the Chinese for just tryin' to survive. Makes me seem small.
Oh cool my Recipe of the Month membership finally kicked in
I wonder what they sent
Oh awesome
Coq au vin
This is gonna be awesome
What in the
Oh my dogg it's a live chicken
I can't kill that little thing
Destroy its itty bitty soul with a knife
How DO you kill a chicken humanely
Maybe if I scream at it enough it'll have a heart attack
SHUT UP JUST SHUT THE HELL UP YOU SUCK SO MUCH
WHAT THE HELL IS THE MATTER WITH YOU
KISS MY ASS!
THE MAKING OF AN ACHEWOOD CARTOON STRIP
featuring 01/10/2002: "Talkin' Dirty"
... the precious genesis begins as a single thought
Posture, dialogue and timing are "blocked" on paper
In the completed illustration, the protagonist says the dirtiest thing he can think of. It shocks these cats.
Ray! Letter for you!
SONY - 11.06.2002
Dear Mr. Smuckles, True American musical legends are discovered only once in a great while. Elvis Presley, Charlie "Bird" Parker, Ella Fitzgerald... The list is short, but deliciously sweet.
This is my call-up!
I always knew this day would come!
When our talent department reviewed the demo you so kindly sent in, they... well Mr. Smuckles, I guess there's really only one way to say it: welcome to the halls of American musical history.
Welcome to the Sony label.
Enclosed you will find a contract outline for your perusal. Please call me at your earliest convenience.
Best Regards,
So then I said Can you put your legs behind your head
And she was like all Excuse me sir
And I was like My tongue can reach into my ears do you want to see
And she goes You're not welcome in this McDonald's anymore
So I was like Well Actually I'm not welcome in ANY McDonald's and do you know why
Then I just clenched my fists and SCREAMED as I stared straight into her eyes
I got in like a good eight second scream
That may not sound like much but try it sometime
*thinking* Boy, is this guy talky! When are we gonna get to the Super-Secret Ice Cream Shop already?!
Lyle's cussing!
He's cussing?
He's cussing!
Is he cussing someone out?
Who's cussing?
Lyle's cussing!
What is he cussing about?
He's just cussing!
I'm cussing?
You're cussing!
No cussing!
TODAY'S STRIP WRITTEN AND PRODUCED BY AARON SORKIN
absolute zero!) It's a frozen car that they use to run scientific tests on.
See now Lyle, I ain't really into the whole leprechaun rock thing. Strikes me as foolish. But puttin' out music's in my blood, and part of puttin' out music means believin' in somethin' you don't believe in.
Whatever.
You know, my grandfather, Antonyne Cheops Smuckles, was a bluesman before blues was regarded in most homes.
Holy christ! Your grandpa was Rustmouth?
Would you like some mode cod, mom?
Ah, Raymond. You truly have your grandfather's taste for cod.
Have I ever told you about him? His name was Antonyne Cheops, but we all called him Rustmouth Chafings.
Wait — THE Rustmouth?!
Oh, that old character. He died at my wedding! I do declare, everything that man did was sad.
Well look at that! It's half-past Chablis o'thirty!
Dear Reader's Digest,
Man, I always wondered if this day would come.
It is my understanding you accept stories of personal hardship. I believe I have a story you may find suitable to your audience.
Whoah, weird! I'm even writing in their tone! I guess that's how powerful they are.
You see, like many of your readers, I live in constant fear of diabetes.
Wait. This makes me sound kind of crazy, like I hide behind the living room drapes all day with just my feet showing.
Like many of your readers, I maintain a respectful awareness of diabetes.
This is my story.
There, that's better. More like I'm readin' in a wingback chair with a cardigan on, and only occasionally glancing out the window.
Here we go...
CHAPTER ONE:
A HAPPY CHILDHOOD
Like most boys his age, Gray Rackles loved lunchtime. As the classroom clock painfully counted out the minutes until noon, he would mentally inventory the bag lunch his mom had packed for him: Choco Bliss snack cakes, Fritos, Snappy-D Lunch Juice, and Tough Customer Ham Pockets.
Little did he know that men in white lab coats had been paid to make sure that he permanently liked this food.
Oh dang what's this
Jiminy Hendrix man these dresses must cost a hundred, two hundred clams in certain cases
"This Vera Wang strapless Versailles gown with raw-edged bias duchesse ribbon retails for $13,500." "Although bridal gown prices can be as low as $2,000 we would never recommend..."
Man we ain't got enough scratch to get Molly a lovely dress on the day of her life when she should feel like the prettiest woman in the entire world!
I am a TERRIBLE man and this magazine proves my TERRIBLENESS and I had NO business askin' that poor girl to marry me cause I got NO station in this world and I am ONLY holdin' her back
There ought to be a prison for dudes who think they can make some happiness in this life
Oh damn listen to me all falling for this wicked bill of goods man this magazine is just a product and a wedding is just a product and it's ALL JUST A SHAM!
This nonsense got to end today too many dudes are blowin' too much money
Yes please come over and take a picture of me or I can come to your house and we can take the picture there
Alright and you can match your graphic design fonts to their graphic design fonts correct
In a manner of speaking.
Awww yeah
The seemingly coincidental combination of Allman Brothers music and good country likker was actually calculated toward a particular effect.
You see, in order to write the finest biography the world has ever known, I could not leave the revelation of details to my subject. I needed an, "all-access pass."
Such powerful anodynes, when used with know-how, steal a man's soul from between his lips.
Ray was not unlike other men.
Daaamn, nut job! We outta moonshine! Why you only bring one jar?!
Well Ray It is very potent stuff so perhaps just give it a skosh longer to kick in
The HELL you say! I got better things to do then stand around the forest all sober on hick tipple! We LEAVIN'!
It is nto wise to drive with so much poteen in you Ray
You damn right it ain't wise! Sit down and listen! I thought you had a biography to write!
First grade was a blur. I hate people from New York. I would be nice to Tom Cruise if he was nice to me. I could personally invent something on the order of a hand cranked apple-peeling maching, but not much more complex than that. I'll admit this.
uh huh mm hmm
Still, though, I could not sound his deeper waters, and began to grow worried.
The only issue I got with my mom is that she loves me so much it hurts her when I am chubby. If she could tone it down a little, I could rock a few extra pounds.
well then
Look, Philippe! You knew you were gonna have to pay for this software sometime!
No I didn't!
Let's see here...you bought four licenses, one for everybody in your residence... very nice of you by the way...
...so! at $399 per license, it looks like we need to collect about...$1596 from you.
Did...did I mention that we have an installment plan?
Oh! Good! I can do installments!
I think
Okay, then! What is the minimum amount you can afford to put toward this financing each month?
Wait a minute, I have no way of ever getting any money!
Maybe I should commit suicide!
Hello this is Marmaduke.
Hey Marmaduke! Did you dig a hole today? Huh? Did you eat someone else's food? Did you behave in a disobedient fashion?
Who is this.
I'll give you a hint: You should not be proud of your career!
Look, I don't know what you think you're doing, but I am Marmaduke. You do not speak to me that way. I am hanging up now.
You're all played out Marmaduke! You're all washed up! No one gets why you're still around! People whisper about this to each other!
I don't have to listen to this. I am hanging up now. Good day.
Hey Marmaduke! On your website it says that you can only get it on for like ten seconds, and if it isn't totally silent you lose your wood!
I am hanging up now.
I heard you did so much coke in the 80s that you nipples turned into scabs and fell off!
I swear to god I am going to hang up.
Hey Beef! I got all the magazines I wanted! You ready to take off and get some Hunan Palace?
You want to go to Hunan Palace and get Dong Ting Triple Delight? Yeah, man, I said it! Two knuckleheads, three delights!
Man get away don't listen man
earrAP earrrrrAP-AP-AP Ptoo-ah
HLLLLURGH! Ptoo-ah
Huh, looks like he dropped the new Playboy on his way in... yo, all! It's opened to the Playboy Advisor!
Damn, they finally printed my clarification!
So here we are Philippe, the Super-Secret Ice Cream Shop.
oof
Aw cool man this must be my new T-shirt that I ordered
awesome
JESUS...why do I always buy these things...
I ain't never gonna wear none of these
You want to explain just what in the HELL you doin' out here, young man!?
Whoah! What in the HELL?!
What in the HELL, Téodor?!
Hey, have you guys heard of Parkour?
It's a new sport-philosophy where the urban landscape is treated as an obstacle course!
Wow. Hold on. Wait.
You're GROUNDED, dammit!
UNPH!
Daaang! Nice little ride Philippe! Did you come on down here to sit session with the dirtiest dudes in town?
Oh boy! I can sit with you guys?
Mama jokes are the order of the day so I hope you can keep up
Like, "yo mama's so fat, she broke her leg and gravy came out!"
Yo mama's so fat, she broke her leg and hot bloody fat sprayed everywhere! Some even got on the mayor!
KRAFTWERK is touring the US again this month. If you plan to attend their shows, expect to be surrounded by bearded, aviator-sporting white UNIX geeks who cry so hard during "COMPUTER LOVE" that the ten year old sons they brought to the show with them wriggle free from their bear-hugs and look for someone to talk about DEREK JETER with.
FACT: At a Santa Monica party in June of '98, routinely unmedicated barre-chorder COURTNEY LOVE blew actor MICHAEL MADSEN so hard that she broke her arm. Madsen, while uninjured, remained seriously blown for several hours.
THINK ABOUT IT: The only actual member of U2 is FLOOD. The others are just four Irishmen who have agreed not to age badly.
DURING HIS BEDRIDDEN YEARS, BRIAN WILSON told his wife that he once made a "funicolare" out of a piece of kite string tied from his bedpost to a shoe on the floor. This enabled the ants, he said, to grab the bookers that had dried to the wood and carry them safely down into the show.
STEPHIN MERRIT and GUIDED BY VOICES have a lot in common. Wait, they only have one thing in common: 5% of their songs are not complete jag-off.
SPOTTED DICK: MICHAEL STIPE, vegan, sat at the counter on a recent episode of MARIO BATALI's cooking show. Michael ate none of the food given to him. He only went on the show so the famously rotund chef would by comparison enhance Stipe's devastating jawline.
IS COLDPLAY THE NEXT U2? No, they just use U2's musical techniques to create music that sounds like U2. It's frustrating for everyone.
Téodor: Orezscu is a friend of mine and he knows a ton about music! He said he would like to help me out with the Friday Facts page more in the future so maybe he will. What is "blew"?
Dang man well dang it sounds like you can make a mint if you host Google ads on your site
Man I wonder what concept of website would bring in the most visitors if I were to host it
Oh dogg a site where people can complain about their problems... Folks always completely want to constantly say their problems
Welcome to...  I-Got-Problems.com!  The premium site on which you can just lay it all out for all to see. Everyone will read about your problems at this website.
THE NEXT MORNING
I-Got-Problems.com
Psoriasis Medication
Bus passes online!
POSTS
1. I got psoriasis I am so fuck*ng mad
=> Try what I did. Only $10k up front.
=> My cousin sued over that
2. Alright, so I get on the bus at eleven thirty every day. No big deal, right? Wrong.
=> Try what I did. Only $10k up front.
=> They say I am too old for bus
==> How old too old for bus? I 67.
1115. My neighbor gave me the nastiest look. How can I find out if he has a gun?
=> Try what I did. Only $10k up front.
=> My mom has non-Grafton's repeating kalymerase. How to say goodbye?!?
1116. Why do my neighbor's dogs bark all morning what can I do.
=> Try what I did. Call animal control. The animals are obviously being neglected.
=> I have dogs like that in my neighborhood they drive me off my fuck*ng bat have you tried shooting them?
Bobby's Guitar Song, Take One
Bobby Conason, age 8.
San Jose, CA
Hey guys sorry this is the only photo of me I could find its me from sophomore year! UGH! Go Rattlers! Good to join FaceBook!
OMG great photo Jenny!!!! You still look SO PRETTY! How have you been since the baby? Mike and me are living in Dennisola, Texas, with our three AMAZING boys and Mike manages the outer ring of regional Pep Boys shops for his boss Mr. Peter H. Blackwell. We have lost our mother to a stroke and our dear father has passed due to complications from Euphus but in our Faith we have found
OMG your hair looks so great! Where are you having it done? M looking for a new stylist mine Just. Doesn't. Listen! LOL ;-)
You look FANTASTIC you haven't changed a bit! Oh. My. God. I saw Brian Haney at the HEB and he got a BRASS ARM to replace the one he lost at the dairy! WOW.
You still look SO GREAT! How do you do it?!?! Still haven't lost the baby weight but Billy is true to me and provides for us and he still takes me out to the Rawhide almost every Friday now that Mysty-Kai is six and can stay with grammaw Cline
Wow they ain't kiddin' yowza let me know if your DH kicks the bucket 'cos I am ten pounds of man in five pound underwear if U know what I mean!!!
@ha_ha ha ha! #hahaha
RT @ha_ha @hahaha ha ha! #hahaha, @hahahaha
RT @ha_ha @hahaha @hahhaha ha ha! #hahaha, #hahahaha, #hee_hee
RT @ha_ha @hahaha @hahhaha @hahhah ha ha! #hahaha (trending), #hahahaha, #hee_hee, #wahaha
Dude so like listen uh I got plans tomorrow so can you use a free ticket to Cartilage Head
Damn. Cartilage Head, huh. I really wasn't ready for that this week.
I know but serious you can't get these tickets open-market
I know.
Jeez, man. Alright, yeah. Yeah, I'll take it. Shit, dude.
Roast Beef you fool don't scatter the hash browns so thin like that you ain't gonna get no creamy insides
You know you got to make them into a pleasing cake you KNOW this
Cards for yourself!
Sorry I Was Rough On You Yesterday
tap tap tap
Oh God wait no this is too much in the territory of crazy people stuff
Man what if a famous mental doctor analyzes all these cards about depression and my issues with dude closeness and he goes on the news to confirm that I am a main lunatic in this land
I got to pull the plug on this card company before everyone digs that I am loopy pickins
Yo Beef! I showded that Dude card to Mayor C and he wants to send one to every dude voter as part of his re-election process! We talkin' six columns of clams, horse dogg maniac!
Huh but then again if a woman can make a livin' just by havin' a pretty body then why can't I make a livin' showin' off my sideshow-quality mind
Are you ready for the ball that starts it all, baby?
It's a thing, man!
Then ring...
...a ding...
Whoah! "Snuggleguns." Is that a new palindrome?! Did I just discover a new one?!
I think that one's me! I think that's all me!
Wait. Somethin' don't seem right with this palindrome. S-s, n-n...
DING!
Hey Téodor! You got any problems or anything?
Ray? What are you doing up this early?
I have Airwolf. I'm just seein' if there's anything I can do to help my guys.
I'm not sure what you mean. I don't know if what you're saying means anything.
I have Airwolf. This is not code language. I am flying Airwolf because I own Airwolf.
Nothing else I could say would make more sense given what I own and what I am doing at this moment.
I ... alright. Fine. Yes, I have a problem. A pretty bad problem, actually.
Awesome. Where are you?
Philippe's lost somewhere in the Transfer Station out in the marshes. I'm there now, but I can't find him.
Dude. No one should go to the Transfer Station.
Didn't they show you that video in the sixth grade?
If you're gonna help, come help! I feel bad enough as it is!
Okay, look up and wave. I need to make sure that's you I'm seeing.
HOLY JEEZ! HOW'D YOU GET HERE SO FAST?!
Dude, don't act like you don't know that Airwolf is faster than any jet. Hold on while I drop the rope ladder.
SOON.
Don't litter, Lyle!
Shove it, Philpipe!
IN MEMORIAM Philippe died today because he was told to Shove It by someone who he thought was his friend. He was 5. Services will be held tomorrow in the cemetery.
Mayor Smuckles! Is it true you're now running for the Presidency of the United States?
This country needs a man with a granite sack and legs of log... a man that slaps people who are talking. I am that man.
But what are your policies? Where do you stand on key issues?
A wise man once said, "never show a fool half a job." I'll let you know what I did AFTER I'm done runnin' America. Not that you'll need to ask.
Please, Mayor Smuckles, just a few details!
People want to eat some fuckin' dinner and have some fuckin' money! What the FUCK do you think gettin' up in the morning is all about? Asshole.
MAYOR RAY SMUCKLES DRESSES DOWN MEDIA; SAYS SMUCKLES PRESIDENCY WILL NOT TOLERATE "PRATTLIN'" - KICKS ENORMOUS SHIP SO HARD ANCHOR DROPS... DEVELOPING...
Raymond Q. Smuckles
Research Begins
Yeah, I'm callin' 'bout the Subaru Baja. That's the ugliest one, right? How many dogs that thing hold?
Randi? Randi. Chuck. Pick up. Your world is no different from mine, I know when someone is avoiding me on the telephone.
German shepherds, man. German shepherds named Sierra. I got six, plus three kayaks and a porta-kiln.
Thank you, Randi. Now be quiet and listen. Shush. Shush, Randi. Quickly: What do you and Bez do for dinner these days, and what country would you visit, given unlimited means?
I... hold on. Got another call. Must be that Craigslist woman with the cherried out 12-dog Aztek, got the French drain in the floor.
Eritrean, and the Scottish highlands. Well, that's all I need. Goodbye. Thank you Randi.
Yeah, hello? ...Wait, what? Every time a bell rings? I... an angel gets its wings, Philippe. Why you callin' me so late, kid?
Ronnie, have Visual prep D-rings on Eritrea and Scotland. I have no intention of scuttling in the face of this olly popinjay.
Very good, sir.
Roast Beef! Why'd you miss dinner? Where's Showbiz? What's up with all this Blue Nun?
Oh he took off
Here, gimme a hit off that.
You know what we oughta DO?!
Aw no dogg lay it on me
We oughta get us some disguises!
DISGUISES Oh hell YES
I'ma be Abraham LINCOLN!
I'll be his hip hop twin Notorious L.I.N.C.O.L.N.
Awww yeah! You know what I'm sayin!
All Adidas and stuff
Hi Mr. Bear!
GET OUT OF HERE!
Get...get OUT of here, Philippe!
I need to find the Q-tips.
Lyle's record player needs cleaning...a-ha!
THIS IS PRIVATE!
See you later!
SHUT THE DOOR! Shut the - hey! HEY! HEY!
Hey what, Mr. Bear? Whoah, you're on the can! Sick!
WE WERE IN THE MIDDLE OF BURRITOS
Uh look Barry I don't have an aquarium or anything like that at my place
Well, just pick one up on the way. I'll wait in the car--can't be seen, you know!
Oh my god he's assuming I will buy an aquarium for him
Ooh, make sure you set it facing the TV! I gotta have my Fear Factor!
SOON
Hey Beef -- fish in your toilet.
Oh that's just Barry Bass
Did the government really steal all kinds of patents from him?
Boy does this thing fill back up slow! What the hell? And hey! I'm gettin' bored of waterproof travel checkers! HELLO?
INTERVIEW: MOLLY SANDERS AKA MISS LADY
The tiny kite is less than two feet away
ME: Okay so this interview is kind of hard and strange cause you are my girlfriend and we do hella private stuff.
Maybe stop thinking about our private stuff for a few seconds?
No thanks.
Really?
Do Not Disturb
Which stuff are you imagining?
When it got raw. That time.
The one in the bathroom? Where you told me about how dirty toilets are, even if they get cleaned? Because of the porous surfaces? And you actually started yelling and got on kind of a high horse about all of it?
Oh my god don't mention about that what in the hell! This is for a magazine!
Sorry, maybe you can ask me about something else. It's your magazine, babe.
Okay like so we know that you are from Wales, right?
Yeah, my family was on the Gwynqeathe, a ship that sank between Fladceate, Wales, and New Amsterdam in 1676
So when you say New Amsterdam you really mean New York.
Duh, nerd. But that's what it was called at the time.
And since then you just hung out in heaven kind of mellow and keeping tabs on things. Until this rude bag of chilies and pistols came along .
Yeah. I'm not the type of person who goes out and tries to forge new trails. I'm more of a homebody. Like you. If I have new things to read and a few favorite movies, I'm fine. I don't need to go hiking. I know the mountain's there, and that it's wonderful. I'll probably see it, eventually.
Oh uh I ain't a homebody by any means I'm just real real careful about leavin' the house in regards to peak traffic hours and hours when the sun rays are particularly cancerous. You know how drunk people are always drivin' up on sidewalks and you also know about how the atmosphere is about allowin' certain bad rays through at certain hours. That's why they always shoot movies real early in the morning, it's because Scientology tells the big stars about how daytime light is the most dangerous. I'm almost sure that I agree.
I thought that had more to do with the quality of light early in the morning. It's more friendly to film, it looks warmer.
Well, that's definitely an information-soft answer.
Don't be an ass. We still have to go out to dinner after this, and I want to have a nice time.
Well whose fault is that.
Mine. I'm the only one in this house capable of calling in to a radio show and winning dinner for two at Mes Beauchamps Restaurant and Wine Bar.
And tell them just what question you answered to get this prize.
"Who was the only blond member of the Traveling Wilburys."
Jesus christ how could you know stuff like that!
Tom Petty. Dylan, Harrison, Orbison...all brunettes.
Did you also know that the Traveling Wilburys was the ugliest circle of men ever to have millions of
So Patrick! Raymond tells me you are a ... "veglegon" now? Am I saying that right?
Ahem. Vegan. Yes.
Raymond says that means you only eat dried bees and peanut butter. Is that true Patrick?
Not at all Mrs. Smuckles. Vegans eat a wider variety of foodstuffs than anyone. We just don't eat animal derived products.
I...I'm afraid I don't understand. Does that mean you don't eat cheese?
Not really, no. No cheese for me.
Oh Patrick! You are a vegulon because of your Crohn's disease! I'm so sorry I didn't remember.
No. This is an ethical decision to not involve the slavery of animals in my sustenance.
Oh, I see. Is this about that time the magician's duck bit you at Raymond's fifth birthday party?
I'm not AFRAID of animals! I RESPECT them!
Oh, Patrick. Bonkers T. McQuack was put down after he attacked you! You've nothing to be afraid of anymore. In fact, I think Raymond ate him with steak fries that very same night!
Pat! Why'd you send me an "E-vite" just to come over for lunch?
Why you think you need to document my reply? You think I'm gonna say yes and then bail?
No I didn't! I never bailed on you for lunch before.
Oh, that's right. I guess I did.
Dude, your oven fries suck! I feel like Mrs. John Lithgow when I've got one of those things in my mouth!
What in hell do you THINK it means?! Oh, and I already GOT plans for tomorrow, so you can go Tofuck yourself!
Three-Hectare Beard
Basic Premise
I should start a newspaper!
Lyle, do you want to write for my newspaper?
Shaddup, you!
Hi Roast Beef! Do you want to write for my newspaper?
Sure little guy
Here you go I tried to cover a variety of topics such as a newspaper does
Oh, boy!
If I am elected, all homeless people will get a room rented for them at Motel 6, and there will be free classes to help shy people meet someone they can get married to! Just like Fievel says, there is someone out there for everyone.
Téodor
Téodor
Oh! Uh ... hi Nice Pete!
Listen
I need to admit something to you
Oh my god! He killed Pat!
I know this is going to sound kind of ... weird
They always murder the guy they confess to! Oh no! Why couldn't I have been outside just now?!
But I need some help making Icons for a Microsoft Power Point presentation
Pat said you were good with graphics
Oh! Uh ... sure! I'd be glad to!
Man that is a big relief
Here is a list of some starters I will email you with the rest OK
Nice Pete 03:24pm 10/22/03 1/1
1. Just a regular murder
2. Kind of a better murder
3. A real great, "A-1" type of murder, top shelf all the way
all graphics must be 32 pixels by 32 pixlels
Dang, Lyle! You openin' up a taco stand?
The cholo cooks at my new busin' gig load me down with tons of leftovers every night...
Daaamn, no operating costs! I like your model!
You know, I been meanin' to diversify my portfolio lately. I like to play the restaurant industry... you want to talk?
You wanna get in on the ground floor, here?
Yeah... yeah, I think I do.
You know what the problem is with taco stands? Trust.
Ask yourself, what would really set a taco stand apart from the rest?
It's the Sports Page! Don't Worry Though, It's Not Super Boring.
Oh HELL yes!
Dude! Beef and Molly just got engaged! Emergency party at Ray's!
See that? Went about three fuckin' feet!
Did you hear me? I don't care how hard you just threw up at a football!
Three goddamned feet! You try that with one 'a your little Saturday morning bad boys! You'd be lucky just to raise the thing's temperature!
Whatever. We'll be at Ray's. You might want to come say congratulations.
I spiraled it, by the way. That doesn't just happen by not caring.
THE BADASS GAMES
Every man believes that, given the right provocations, his inner skills will emerge and he will be capable of tremendous feats.
This is your exclusive invitation to compete in the First Annual Badass Games.
Woo-hoo!
whoo!
yeah!
yeah!
whoooooo!
whoo!
I think me and Molly gonna get our own place
It is a fanceyful notion to make such steps as lead you to altar particlar when the mouth is ashes at the news
Me'n Spongebath we do not yoke the female unto the covenant of Matrimony and our days they are tranquil The tears they do come but they are not often
AHHHH
Oooh! Look at the big woman with his little fan! Are you sitting on a doily, Mr. Lady-Lady?
Better not get that too close to your uterus! It might freeze your dainty little ovaries!
Oh please. I'm just feeling a little hot.
Maybe it's menopause! you ever hear of that, you dumb old broad? Ha ha ha!
Tel. A-5022
This is Wade Hanson. He's the genius behind your new ad campaign.
So, the idea of a sofa-sized ice cube tray with a puppy in each compartment was yours?
Yes sir!
We have a spot for you in-house, at our Hawaii office. What do you say?
Wow, Hawaii!
You know, they'll let you marry whoever you want over there!
Anybody, Wade!
Wait, does he think I'm gay? He thinks I'm gay! Just because I'm a designer!
I...uh...I guess I...
Wade! Stop it! This man is trying to be nice to you!
Hey T! You play bass? I need someone to stand in for me.
Sure I can play the bass. Anyone can play the bass. It's an idiot's instrument. It was invented so the guitarist and drummer would qualify for the carpool lane.
Careful, shithead. I play the bass.
Well, Sting has an IQ of 103, so as you can see it's just a high-functioning generalization. What's up?
I... uh... I gotta go meet the children of Senator Dell Graham.
That's weird. What's the deal?
Oh, he's an old friend of my dad's. Kind of a pain, what can you do. Total formality.
That sucks. Where do I show up?
We practice in Ray's spare room. Five o'clock.
A package with the tell-tale arrow for you, Téodor.
Oh! Good! My new books from Amazon.
Which titles did you order, if I might ask?
Just some stuff to help me with Philippe. He's been going through phases lately, and asking a lot of questions.
Heya, Lie Bot! Wanna watch me dig a hole?
You know, if you dig that hole deep enough, you'll come out in China!
Really!?
I ga-ron-tee!
That's marvelous!
35 Hsu-Giang Road, Guangding Prefecture 5070, Szechuan Province. You will emerge beneath the bed of Dr. Quang-Hai Li, an important yet violent dictator.
Oh my gosh! I'll get tortured!
If he's at work at the time, you may be able to escape to the street and cobble together a live of basic slavery.
Maybe digging this hole wasn't such a good idea after all.
On the other hand, if you present yourself well, you could convert him to Americanism and save thousands of lives! Think this one out, kid.
Alright, Lyle. Here's the prototype for the SaniTaco! single serving prep counter.
Put your hands in these rubber gloves... ... unlatch the taco meat, and put it on the tortilla.
Push the finished taco closer to the wall...
Then just ask the customer to break the safety seal and take out their taco! Go on, you try it!
Here's your taco. The doctors did everything they could. I'm.. I'm sorry.
Man, don't act like the taco died! Come on, Lyle! Come on!
Hey, I just got the photos from Ray's party back!
Oh that's right well uh you got to promise to toss away any pics you got of me
What? How come?
Man you know how horrible the camera is to me. All adding ten pounds and an opinion about famous car drivers
Whoah, you're right! What the hell is going on here?
Told you so dude just throw them away. It's the Kazenzakis curse
If someone starts to take a photo all the fat in our bodies aims toward the camera. Must be some ultra-primitive response intended to fake that we are wealthy or something.
Hey man, we just set up a badminton court! Come play!
Dang, I wish I could, Téodor. I gotta answer all these letters to my advice column!
Oh come on! Take the afternoon off!
I wish I could, but dude, I get like fifty emails an hour from people!
Yeah, and they're all bogus sex and drinking questions from twelve year-olds! Come on!
Hold on! Do you think these questions might just be from little kids?
Hey, anybody can use the Internet.
Dear Reader!
Rolling On The Floor, Laughing My Ass Off.
Hey Todd, what's shakin'?
Lie B-B-Bot, you'd better shut up because I don't w-w-wanna deal with you right now.
What's the matter?
My uncle fell in a pond and drowned! He drowned! I just got back from the funeral!
Well, have I got some good news for you! I heard on the radio that your uncle woke up after the funeral because of the prayers that you said!
Really?
Yes! He started dancing right in his coffin... and get this! He said he wanted to buy you an airplane!
No way! That's exactly what I prayed would happen!
How's this sapphic erotica contest gonna be judged?
The audience, man. Sentence by sentence, as we type it. The girls all hootin' and hollerin', cheerin' the good lines and booin' the bad.
Wait. Have you ever actually tried writing under those conditions?
I'll tune 'em out, man. Don't get all Mr. Thinky up in my jam.
Let's do a little test. Sit at my computer and type an original line of sapphic erotica, and I'll be a bar full of lesbians.
Then.
It was noon, and-
BOOOOO! WHY WAIT SO LONG TO FUCK!? COME DOWN HERE AND FLICK MY BEAN, UMBERTO ECO! THINK INSIDE MY BOX, MANDORA!
I... what was that all about, man? Women ain't talk that way!
The hell they don't. You think when they get together without men, they get pruder?
Huh. ...Huh. Wow. Man, that makes a whole lotta sense. Like when Oprah has them all screamin' and waggin' their arms around about God knows what- not a jasper in sight.
It's not their sexual preferences you need to think about, and it's not their femininity.
They've got thick skins and quick instincts from a lifetime of reading the situation ahead of everyone else. There's no way you can write to them if you don't know them.
I... wow. T, I don't want to lose this contest. It should be you in the elephant costume, not me. Cool?
When I win it, I get to be Founder of Williams-Sonoma, right?
Fine, let the guy be Founder of Williams-Sonoma. It ain't worth arguin' about.
Little Nephew! I made us up some Chicken a la King! New recipe!
Oh, uh, I'm gettin' kind of allergic to chicken lately. Do we got any pizza rolls, Uncle Ray?
Hey Beef! Can a kid be allergic to chicken?
Oh uh no Ray can't nobody be allergic to chicken It is one of the Basic meats Of no offense to anybody
So, like, even the Bubble Boy could eat it?
On the last day of the Bubble Boy's life he asked for chicken yakitori Used the skewer to pop his own bubble
Last thing he said was Awesome thanks for the chicken I loved it so much It was the only pleasure I ever knew
He used sign language to say this to the scientists Everyone who was on hand completely cried their hearts out as the plastic bubble drew tightly across his face Slowly suffocating him
So, are you RoughBoy99 or pants_come_off?
You've caught me at just the right time, Smuckles. My lingering distaste for commercialism as a business model has been abating of late.
Soon the magazine advertisments of gap-toothed tots in backwards baseball caps will feature OUR name at bottom right!
Oh HELL yes!
This calls for celebration. I'll mix us a Singapore Sling. I hope you don't mind sharing. One pays dearly for grenadine in Mexico. I can't understand their distaste for the product. To me it speaks of a flaw in the fabric of the national character.
That was the sound of someone breaking a Morriss leaded glass fume hood! I should know, I've done it six times!
Dammit, Hockawock!
Jesus, Lonis! What happened to the dude got him parked that way?
He seems to have snuck a swig from one of my early test ketchups. Does he hail perchance from the state of Florida?
That tacky son of a bitch! He gonna be alright?
Only if he derives pleasure from having just learned the date of his own death. Look how close the black stone was to the bottle before he drank from it.
Huh? Stones?
This converter uses three: a Quinn, a baying hematite, and the Unlamented Kay White. How you place them relative to the object to be converted makes up its character.
The Quinn likes to tell you when you'll die. I normally place her at least seventeen inches past the other stones... it fuzzes her radar and she just gives the object a nagging melancholy.
In your friend's case, I expect the heavens ran him straight through with the details of their purchase order. He'll be a changed man. You know the type. Barrels through red lights. Slaps snarling dogs. Eats the fish at weddings. I'll follow your local papers with great interest. Now I'm afraid you must go.
Good job, T! Great frikkin' impressions!
Now, it's time to take on the grand daddy of 'em all!
Ol' Blue Eyes, the Chairman 'a the Board...Mr. Frank Sinatra!
Alright, cool. How do you want me to play it?
Like he was dissin' come hysterical dame who tried ta hit on 'im after a show!
Got it. One sec.
Take a chill pill, sista'! Sheesh! If you leaked any more pussy nougat, you'd be a Quimarello!
OH...OH MY GOD!
THE...
THE PERFECT THING TO SAY, EVER!
Daaamn, my MENSA renewal is here!
$65
THANKS!
$75
Well I'll be
Someone finally shot that Morrissey character
Wow, Ray-- you got an AIBO?
Oh, you mean Rutherford?
I heard you could teach these little guys stuff!
RUTHERFORD!
Pat... is... fine!
ARF! PANT PANT
R-R-Rutherford! STOP this terrible BEHAVIOR!
STOP IT!
OWRP!
Aw, don't worry Pat! He don't ejaculate!
NOW HOW WOULD I KNOW THAT?!
HOW WOULD I KNOW THAT THAT ROBOT DON'T EJACULATE?!
I have nice gray hair and I like to program on my computer.
I just got shot by my best friend but the good news is that now I have the Internet in my brain!
I am looking for someone...
Hm! I wonder what kind of lady Roast Beef would like to meet?
I am looking for someone who would like to hear about my trip into OUTER SPACE!
Alright, it's real nice of you to use the Anarchist's Cookbook to get presents for your mom,
...but now let's use it to play pranks on people!
Pranks?
Yeah, like throwing a homemade smoke bomb through Pat's window!
But that's mean! What if it hit him?
Double-prank!
I don't want to be mean to Pat!
Remember that time he had the police shut down your lemonade stand because you didn't have a business license?
Hey, that's RIGHT!
Alright, you go in there and spill a bunch of water on the floor in front of his toilet.
I can do that!
Good. Later, when he goes to take a leak, I'll flip the switch that connects the car battery to his toilet bowl.
Okay. What will that do?
It will electrocute his dick.
Alright, Ray. It looks like you get the next storyline.
Lay it on me!
ahem
"Ray reads Fast Food Nation and decides to become a Vegan."
Whoah. I call bullshit on that one.
Hold your horses, there's more to it.
"He eats so many Tofutti-Cuties that he dies of ice cream headache."
Huh! You know, I always wanted to act out a big old dramatic death scene.
Maybe you're finally going to hell for selling your soul to the devil for that magical piano!
Heh! Whatever happened with that, anyway?
Nothing. It's been over a year and that storyline never saw closure.
Well shit, man! Let's wrap that sucker up! Where those Tofutti-Cuties at?
Welcome to Hell, Mr. Smuckles. Here's your 1982 Subaru Brat.
Dogg is heavy metal over I mean did people stop doing that?
Huh. I think you still hear about it being listened to in Finland, which is pretty much the world's musical toilet drain, so yeah.
Oh man Finland is definitely where stuff goes on its way away from this world.
Is there anything good about Finland? Let's pull up Wikipedia.
YOU KNOW, RAINIER BEER, YOU'RE NOT SO BAD.
JUST KEEP ME COLD!
I WILL, RAINIER, I WILL.
The Rumpus Round-up!
Oh hee dude you gonna play her to a T man she ain't gonna know what hit her when you rip off that disguise
AH...
HAH!
Seriously, Beef - you think this beard can conceal the Voice Donut?
Why ain't you just try it out man why I got to be on the spot with guesses
Ray? You around? There are like sixteen potato bugs in the pool, and I told Phillipe I'd take him swimming, but I can't find the -
Wow! What is THIS thing?
Put that down! It might be some kind of doll insert!
A DOLL insert? Cool! What could it make a doll do? The splits?
Oh, crap. If I weren't such a disgusting loser, my mind wouldn't be trained to see the world in terms of the orifices it presents me.
It's... Grown-ups have dolls too, you know, but they need them to do grown-up things.
MARTHA CAN WE AFFORD THE TAXES
NO WE CAN'T BILL
OH THIS IS HORRIBLE
Okay, where'd you put it? You pack it with the snacks?
I ain't pack that thing man that was your job
It wasn't my job! Dude, the Voice Donut was strictly your touch!
Own your situation Ray you goddamn forgot it and now you got to roll anyway
Oh, wait! It's an Empire Voice Donut! I haven't seen one of these in ages... I wonder if it still works...
What does it do, Téodor?
You talk through it, and you can have any accent you can think of! Watch!
Yarrh! I be a venomous Leprechaun with spikes on both me knees and a shillelagh where me heart should be!
Hold on a sec...
Yo T! Can you run over to my place and find the Empire Voice Donut that is probably sittin' whereever Roast Beef dumbly - you're there? Awesome, man. Simply awesome.
Look, I'm gonna hide my cel in this fake beard I'm wearin', and put it on speakerphone. Use the Donut to be a desert oil prince and have a conversation with Tina where you seduce her, dig?
Whatchu mean that's a lot to ask?! Who loaned you his putter on sixteen yesterday? That's what I thought, forgetful homeboy. We gonna call you in ten, be ready.
So, Roast Beef, how are those new features coming?
I'm just finishing up the GUI
The whoosy-whatsit?
The graphical user interface
Enough with the computer mumbo-jumbo, already! What are you doin'?
Man don't you know anything about computers
Alright, Beef! So you know more about computers than I do! YOu gonna hold it against me?
I just think you should know what certain basic things are called
Well, I just think you're a jerk! How about that?!
LATER
Dear Diary: today I yelled at Roast Beef. I was sorry that I did it --- it's just because he is so good at computers and I am not. This is not his fault.
He made nachos later. He called them "Galaxy Nachos"? Is that a certain recipe? They were so tasty that I wished I had made them instead of him. I really need to get in control of this.
Anyhow, goodnight, diary. Sorry to ramble.
-=Ray=-
What the heck is that, Beef?
Check it out man I found a PC emulator for old Oregon Trail
That game we used to play in the fifth grade?! Man, that game was _decent_! Say, you think they still makin' it?
Oh wow yeah I bet they hella updated it Let's take a look
SOON
Alright so what did I miss while I was on the phone Did you get your horses all shoed
Uhhh... hold on!
Dang what in the heck Ray How did you get syphilis
_"The next day: A tender letter arrives from Hiram the blacksmith. Do you want to read it?"_
He wrote!
Horatio Nelson Jackson (1872-1955) was the first gentleman to drive an automobile across the the United States, an early...
Horatio Nelson Jackson
But Got-DAMN did men used to have some proper-ass names
I am Ephesius Salem Wrathwright, and if we are to make custom I demand your fairest assay of this Calaveras ore!
I am Dr. Wealth Vinegar Agincourt! Do you sell this "California" by the mile or by the watershed? Hie thine answer, for there are women on this train who are driven to hysterics by stasis of any description!
WHAT FOOL DARES INTERRUPT THE EVENING TINCTURE OF BALTHAZAAR MURDER STONEFIELD ACCALUM?!
These were not men who went to Home Depot but then left when they realized they didn't have the balls to ask some lumpy stooge in an orange apron what you'd use to re-attach a ceramic soap dish to a tile wall
When men like this died engravers began licking their lips and the quarry hired a night shift
Birds trembled in place as the sobs of the widow roamed the hillsides and vales
Oh man hee what a kick I got to write a Name Generator of Men out of all this
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME
MARITIME HARDSHIP
SURNAME
THE "NO" LIST
Lyle! Since when do you lok at that kind of stuff?!
Very funny, Ray. What's goin' on.
Dang! How are all those people gonna answer for all those tattoos? You know there's bound to be some regrets!
How do you get her e-mail once you know that you like her? Do you just click on the picture?
Huh? I guess you could just write to her through the website...
LATER
Dear Pretty Lady,
Hey hey, everybody! It's Chef Ray's famous citrus-brined chicken!
Whoah, where is everybody? What the hell?!
Man, what are all you guys doing out here? I just cooked up a delicous chicken!
Quiet man hush Téodor just invented this insane new dance move
oh man Ray now PLEASE you ain't got to imitate Jack White
Could somebody hit up the B-string pretty loud and first gimme a...a few seconds notice!
Ray PLEASE man you ain't need to imitate Jack White
Please man you had so much to drink
And when I hear the guitar sound come from the amp it got to be so...nasty...
Please Ray there's no need
I got to imitate Jack White, dude!
Here just get into the bed
Does Jack White get into the bed?
Jack White gets into the bed Ray
I am getting into the bed because that is what Jack White does
Goodnight Ray
Now why would you say a thing like that to Jack White
Sorry I mean goodnight Jack White
Goodnight, man.
Babe, do you want some of this veal marsala I made?
Oh sorry uh I got basically no appetite whatsoever
What? Last time I made this you were raving about it! You even got up and put on a tie!
It's this new gig I mean I thought I would like it and the money is good but it is totally a bad gig
What was that again? Fact-checker for some news site?
No it's pre-writing obituaries for celebrities who ain't dead yet so they can have somethin' ready to run in a hurry
Since I'm new they got me workin' on the child stars
They say this is the roughest beat and after you prove yourself you work your way up to dudes who are like 89 and have extremely red watery eyes
I can't believe you let yourself take a job like that. You know how sad you get thinking about dead children.
The money is decent I mean the money is fairly hot at least
Yeah, and the next time we walk past a family with a kid I'm going to have to act like your sudden interest in the sky isn't your completely obvious way of letting your misty eyes evaporate without spilling over.
Well uh it's kind of small
For a logo I mean
It is a perfect... logo!
Cut! That's a wrap, people!
I'll be in my trailer.
Good job, everyone!
I was assured by the producers that my Philippe would star in at least two strips a week! He only had one line today!
I don't mind! Everybody should get a turn!
Forget those no-talent hacks! We've got to rake in the dough while you're still cute! What are we going to live on when you hit puberty and the agents stop calling?
But, mother! Without the contribution of the entire cast, Achewood wouldn't be the unique blend of humor and camaraderie that we all know and love!
Please mommy I'm sorry for being disrespectful please not the BUCKLE MOMMY NOT THE BUCKLE!
Alright! It's go-time, dude! You need a little fix 'a diamond juice?
Yeah man hit me with some before I go down that guantlet of smiles
Alright dogg lets get MARRIED! Lets get married to a LADY!
We gonna marry the HELL outta that woman!
Ultra Peanut! Is that you?
FeeReep! Why you no call me two year?
I...I'm sorry! I thought you were mad at me because of what I did to Click Robot!
Dummy! He fine! All I do is reboot him! See?
Wow! He's sassy!
He remember you!
Ow! Ow! He's stinging me! It's really hot!
Ha ha! He want to kill you! He get even!
I'm here live with today's guest, presidential dark horse Philippe.
Hello, America. Good Morning. How are you.
Philippe, in a nutshell, why should the American people give you their vote?
I think everyone is disappointed by the failures of the current administration.
I think everyone wants to see some new ideas!
And, i think everyone agrees it's time this country was run by someone who is five!
This half-hour brought to you by: Ray Smuckles
Don't tell me you underwrote his campaign Ray
Okay
When You Take a Shower, You Get Drenched!
Jewish.
GAH! If those clowns win the election I'm movin' to Canada!
Everybody always says that. What an empty thread. Why Canada? Why not Tokyo? Why not Adelaide?
Well, for starters, there's no water between here and Canada, unless you count the water you're gonna break when you're givin' birth to my pain-child!
Name one good thing about Canada besides rain, rained-on cement, and the fact that a moose can legally eat the microphones at important state functions.
Fine, then! I'll secede and have my own damn nation right here in the damn backyard!
Good luck, moron! Have fun paying for gas, sewer, water, and electric with compressed pellets of your own dander!
I ain't gonna need any of that stuff! Energy's free, if you know how to harness it!
OK, Philippe. As soon as the chamber pot weighs more than you, this pulley system lifts you back up into headquarters, and you get a sword.
It's official that I put my hand over my heart on the way up, right?
The mechanic, who was curiously outfitted with only a hammer, took a cursory glance at the vehicle before focusing on the woman's--
Cornelius... Dogg... We got maaaaanes...
PSST!
We're just going to stay... until the end... of this scene...
How do you tell a cokehead that he ain't famous? Seems impossible... I... I got to get him on TV quick if I'm gonna cash on his crash! We ain't got no time for lunch...
Frikkin' jerkwad... frikkin' prick... no IDEA how to treat a star like me...
I mean, seriously--don't you ever just want to put on a great big T-shirt and cry?
Uh, Jai?
Oh! Hi there! Ready for your Fiesta Names?
Sorry, Jai, but we got to run. My business partner ain't feelin' too hungry.
I'll call in a few days about those Fiesta Names, okay?
That would be super!
TODD! PLEASE DO NOT PLAY TWO DIFFERENT SONGS ON TWO DIFFERENT STEREOS AT THE SAME TIME!
S-S-SCREW YOU! I ONLY LISTEN TO DOUBLE MUSIC!
I'm a naked boy and I'm going to drink milk... with drugs in it! Horrorshow!
I bought some Beethoven LPs and now I'm going to kick all my friends in the bonch!
I don't know dogg is this the scariest stuff we can think of
Why, because you look like Stan Laurel in a sourdough codpiece?
Just wait 'til the doctors make me watch eight millimeter Balkan hitting-porn and looping root canals! I'll be a changed man then, old Dim!
Dang holmes I seen thumbnail avatars with harder action than that Ludovico Technique
Alright, well, if you really are allergic to chicken we're gonna have to go see the doctor.
What?! No we don't!
We gotta get you that allergy bracelet, and have them pump your butt all full with vaccine shots!
They put shots in your BUTT?
Hell yes! They take that big old needle and stick it right up Thermometer Lane!
I mean...I THOUGHT I was allergic to chicken at KFC yesterday...but that chicken might have been kind of old!
Here, let me try it again!
No, no, can't risk it! I'll see if we can set up an emergency appointment with Dr. Andretti.
I worry about you!
SOON
That's right, Dr. Andretti! Right up old Thermometer Lane! Heh heh!
What's that? You have a second device which can also tell if he is in Puberty? Awesome!
I wasn't born with the gene that says, "Stop eatin' prosciutto."
I was.
Cars are easy for me. I can drive them.
I can't drive cars. Or at least, I wouldn't let myself. Not until I discovered Prosciuttolax. Now I drive cars every day, usually about six times.
Hey, man! Do you want to smoke?
Do you want to smoke...
FOREVER?!
D... Dad? Dad?
Hey, the toilet is flushing weird! Somebody must be SMOKING!
Okay, your semen finally tastes so vile that I have to draw the line. Did you start smoking?
Dude, let's smoke! FOREVER! Just like we always said!
Doggs I know we got to hurry but damn I mean reckless is no way to play it we got to--
UHHHH UHHH UH-OH OH OH OH OH GUYS GUYS GUYS DOG SHIT DOG SHIT DOG SHIT HELP OHHH GOD OH GOD !
Beef! Snap out of it!
HELP OH GOD OH God ohhh god ohhhh this...juuust...ruuuuuude
Beef! Wake up!
We must clean off the bowel product before he wakes or this process will repeat itself endlessly
We don't have time to wipe poo off of Roast Beef's foot and wait for him to come to! We have to go save Philippe!
You go ahead Téodor I cannot leave a fallen man unattended in the field
Fine! I'll go into the dump alone and let the junkies play darts with me!
Hm. Which will be a better raft to take to the barge?
I bet that cooler would float pretty good. Plus it has neat stuff on it like Dale Jr.'s car!
Better take the old fridge, though. That will be stronger in case cods or seals try to bite at me.
Fine yeah I'll drop you off at the movies just tell me when it's a quarter of six
Sweet! No problem!
Hey, someone's at the door.
Stanley Tucci!
Oh man, too bad the humans aren't here. They loved him in Big Night.
There he goes.
Bye bye Stanley!
COME HERE! I'M GONNA TEAR OFF YOUR LEGS AND PISS UP THE STUMPS!
Man, that's crazy talk! A leg stump ain't got holes where your urine can go, Ron!
YAAAAAAAAH!
AGH!
HISSSSS!
OH GOD!
My ear hurts, Roast Beef! Since yesterday!
Oh uh dogg you got to get that checked out or you gonna go deaf for certain
Eardrums all explodin' like popcorn
Cochlea all ricocheting off a weather vane and making it spin around
Oh my gosh! I could go deaf? Oh noooooo!
I wish someone would run over a turtle with a car! Today SUCKS!
YEAH! HA HA HA! VERY GOOD!
Seriously? You're into this? I know a guy, we can make it happen.
MY FATHER ONCE KNEW A MAN!
Oh my god! Slow pitch softball!
Téodor! We startin' an all-stoned slow pitch softball team! You down, doggie? Charcoal grill at each base, we can do whatever in hell we want! This is LIFE!
You already made us a logo? Let me see! Heh! Man, I can't BELIEVE you were burnin' one at the same time as me. This is hideous!
I want him to seem like he wonders if he cares about anything. But in a good way.
Whoah! He's a little psycho! I want to play with that little psycho and learn his name!
That's a good reaction. That's a very good reaction to a new mascot. What'll his name be?
Dâvidé. Like, 'DAH-vi-day'.
Aw, nuts!
Heh! Oh, Lyle. You big hot tranny mess.
AND.
Heh! Oh, Beef. You big hot tranny mess.
THEN.
Oh, Ray. That tee shot was just a big hot tranny mess.
You damn right it was. I rolled my wrists over way too--
RAYMOND QUENTIN SMUCKLES
Lyle, did you just kick my basketball?
Yeah, I did! And I LIKED it!
Don't do that! It makes it go out-of-round.
I'll kick anything I want!
Oh yeah? Would you kick..._Jesus?_
Of COURSE!
You can't kick Jesus! Are you retarded?!
Where in the Bible does it say you can't kick Jesus?
You can't do anything mean to Jesus!
Well, I could try!
This is ridiculous.
Come back here! You haven't heard my ideas!
Uh yes helllo
Oh hey Téodor
Well we doin' pretty bad actually
We cracked into a case of Blue Nun widemouths at like 3 AM last night
What was that
Heh heh that's right
"The wine so bad it made the news"
Hello? Oh, hi mom! How are you? Huuugs!
Yeahhh, I think I might be a little taller... So what's new at home?
But...but you don't need anybody new! You already love Dad! I know he's in Heaven now! But...but...
LATER
No you CAN'T throw it out the window that is a FEDERAL offense
Not to mention just plain rude
Beef, I'm gonna be SICK if I gotta keep holdin' onto this thing!
You gotta be sick just be sick in that sheet
I don't think you can hurt its feelings too much more at this point
Man I been hung over before but you take the cake Ray
Dang, Beef! This ain't no regular hangover! This is the big one!
I...I'm talkin' physical therapy! Wheelchairs and stuff! Speakin' at high schools!
SPEEDING TICKETS AVAILABLE AHEAD!
Man, what is with these sassy new traffic signs they got poppin' up everywhere?
IS TODAY THE DAY YOUR SPEED HURTS A CHILD?
Jesus, people! Less drama, already!
OH DEAR GOD NO!
THAT IS HOW IT FEELS WHEN YOU CRUSH A CHILD'S BODY INTO LIFELESS MUCK
Hm, Hm Looks like Kerry's going to take the nomination...
What, Mr. Bear?
The Democrats are deciding who they want to run against President Bush, Philippe.
It's Democrats and Republicans, right?
Those are the two main American political parties.
Which one's better?
It's not that simple, I'm afraid. There are good and bad things about both parties.
Why don't they just make one party out of all the good things?
Sigh I wish it were that easy, Philippe.
"I'M TIRED, PUDDING LIPS"
Man, I just got back from the grocery store. I am goin' crazy.
What? How come?
It's like, every goddamn product go to have some kind of deal or promotion! Why can't a product just sit on the damn shelf and be quiet?
"Get a free DVD of Shrek 2 with this box of cake powder. Half off tickets to Disneyland if you drink this coke. Get a free pound of shredded meat if you mail back this bar of soap."
Jesus Christ, already! I'm afraid to buy a new dish sponge 'cause I might win a phone call from INXS! Man, I ain't got nothin' to say to those guys!
It sounds like you're annoyed.
I-Téodor! Don't sass me when I'm grumpy! I'll have you slayed!
When was the last time you even went on a date?
I-this ain't that, dude! I am mad about what I SAID I am mad about! Packages!
You've got money. Call a prostitute. Quit yelling about groceries.
No way, dude. Last time I called a prostitute she didn't wear enough deodorant and I couldn't make anything happen. What if I get the same one? Or what if I have a reputation?!
My go, Ray! I'LL blow you if it'll shut you up for five seconds!
Nah, man. If you went down on me, I'd probably just talk the whole time to keep it from gettin' awkward.
So, like, you know me. Ain't never been too much into the vegetarian thing. But check this out, I was over at Mayor C's last night, and he grilled up these portobello mushroom kebabs? Man, that stuff tasted INSANE. I had no idea you could get that kind of flavor from a mushroom. I'm thinkin' of doin' some tonight if you want to hang around.
Right on, man. I gott warn you, thse things are addictive. I think I put away like six or seven just by myself.
Nice work down there, by the way. Can I get you a soda or anything? I mean, I should have gotten you a soda.
Do you think you'll ever want to move out of this trailer, Beef?
Oh no uh definitely not
Seriously! We could afford it.
Hold on now you have basically indicated that you want us to have our own place
It wouldn't be so bad, would it? We could decorate it ourselves, I could cook you dinner, pour you a glass of wine...
Man she makes it sound all sing-song but I'm sure there would be all kinds of instances
Roast Beef please don't build a model boat on the dinner table I just set a nice bowl of peaches perfectly in the middle of it
I think it is time we talked about how you like Soundgarden even though I have told you that it is not a good band
I inquired as to the origination of Ray and Philippe's time-traveling machine.
Oh, that? I got it off eBay. It's like an auction-type deal that you do on the computer.
Not familiar with this "computer," I asked if Ray might elaborate upon the subject.
Oh, uh...computers are kind of like... they're like a machine that is really smart and can play chess with you and stuff.
I marveled at the idea of a futuristic society in which chess was so popular that a miraculous machine had been constructed to satiate that very need.
If America's intellectual prospects are in fact this bright, it beats my private prediction that our citizens will come to be solely and raptly entertained by a spring-loaded wooden dog who eternally lands a nickel on his nose.
Dang that's one thing Pat forgot -- muffins
Lessee what kind of snacks we got here
Dried cranberries UGH some raisins how gross
Man I don't think I could ever get a raisin to go down
Man I don't need no thousand hours of free AOL
The cook arrives with the dish, but it is wrong. In his haste, he has forgotten the seasoning. Furious that his last meal has been ruined, the King curses the cook with his dying breath.
MAY ALL YOUR SONS, AND THEIR SONS AFTER THEM, ON THEIR TWENTY-SIXTH BIRTHDAY, BECOME QUEEEEEEEER!
This was a common curse in England at the time, the sort of thing you might shout at a carriage driver who had just cut you off.
EGADS! MAY ALL YOUR SONS...
But since it was delivered on the dying breath of a king, it actually took effect.
That cook was our ancestor.
Damn! These days, bein' gay is, like, one better than havin' an iPod!
Saaaay, why's the couch in the front hallway? Crazy!
They are gettink rid of it!
What do you mean? It's going to someone else's house?
Goes on trash heap today! Bulldozer make it into total puckey!
They're throwing it away?! Nooo! NOO! Thay can't!
This couch, Philippe...is pretty raunchy. Why the tears?
It's been here ever since I have! I always play and read my books on it!
If we throw it away it will feel so hurt and lonely!
Ah. I see, little guy. Vlad understand.
Cry, CRY! Let it out! To keep this pain inside, is to die!
To love, to hurt! Is life! Is way of world! Cry, Philippe! Become a man! Become ALIVE!
Now say goodbye to couch! Be stronk! Everythink must end, Philippe! YOU MUST HAF STRENGTH TO BE A MAN!
b...bye couch...I love you! I'll always remember you!
ENOUGH!
Now, we drink! We feast! We spit on the face of death for another day! BAH!
THAT EVENING.
Téodor, where do you think they took the couch today?
Probably to the transfer station over in the marshes.
Let's see...sheriff's badge, pork and beans, ladle...all set!
Okay, I finished shooting his "top" footage. He's taking a shower.
Nice. Alright, time to film me bustin' through the wall and yellin' at him. Then you can edit this all together, yeah?
Right. Now go into the next room, and turn out the lights before busting in. It'll look better on film if you come in from the dark.
Right, totally. You sure I can bust down this wall, right? We only got one take, you know.
These walls are just fifty year-old sheetrock. They'll crumble like dried sand.
Huh... what should I yell... Wait, what direction do I go in, even? Crap, dude.
Alright, ray! Rolling! Battery's dying, no time to waste!
So, what can I get you, Chucklebot?
DO YOU HAVE ANY OUZO
Ouzo? Who drinks ouzo?
I SAW MATT DAMON DRINKING SOME IN A MAGAZINE
Who?
YOU KNOW, MATT DAMON. HE'S PRETTY COOL
I HOPE HE POSES NUDE SOMETIME
Hold on -- what?
Did you not hear, Lie Bot? Chucklebot is gay! He totally makes out with dudes now!
I HAVE KNOWN SINCE I WAS 12
Dude, you read this story about the komodo dragon got pregnant without any dudes around?
No but I think I get the idea
Daaamn, man. Last week I read the same story, only it was a virgin chimp got knocked up.
Maybe the lesser animals are finally gettin' their religious mythologies in order
Dogg, how silly would a little Jesus quail look with a beard and a robe!
Man that would be so cute I would totally listen to his tiny ideas
He'd be all like, "THOU SHALT NOT KILL ANYBODY! ESPECIALLY NOT MEEEEE!" And then he'd totally glare at the Italians, who would hide their skewers and pancetta.
Oh man how awesome if the quail bible just had one page and all it said was DON'T EAT MEEEEE !
Here, let's get a Post-it and a calligraphy pen. This is way too cute not to mock up.
Well, Raymond! It certainly is nice catching up with all of your old friends.
Yeah, I know the feeling. More cod?
Yes, please! This cod is delicious. You know, your father loved cod.
Really? He did? Tell me more, mom.
Oh, Raymond. It was all so long ago.
Have more Chablis.
I tell you, my Ramses Luther was not afraid of any man on earth. He was a force of nature.
Really!
He would take me to the bars out in the avenues, just the meanest low old dives, and stand up to some of the rudest characters you ever saw.
Yeah? Yeah? You ever see him fight?
Oh, no. He was much too much of a gentleman to ever fight in front of a lady.
Huh!...I bet he won his fights, though! I bet he did! Here, have more Chablis.
Oh, yes. But he was not one to brag. His fighting was just something he had to do, like walk or breathe.
Dang! Dad was a real bad-ass!
Before you were born, he took me to Bakersfield on his motorcycle, and he won the Great Outdoor Fight.
DAD WON THE GREAT OUTDOOR FIGHT?! I should know stuff like this! Mommm!
It has been hard for me to tell you, Raymond. I never wanted you to look for that ability in yourself.
I won't have you entering that fight, Raymond. Men die.
"Three days! Three acres! Three THOUSAND men! Only one will win THE GREAT OUTDOOR FIGHT!"
Gentlemen before we start in with poker I would like to read a passage from the bible
OH MAN THE BIBLE THIS IS POKER FOR CRYING OUT LOUD
Well in truth it is my bible "fan fiction"
I hope you like it
It is extremely private to me
ahem
...and on Day Twelve, God crawled among the chickens, thick did they run, and He slay His only son, by slicing across the Achilles tendon of His son, and His son fell into the chicken-mire and was powerfully consigned unto murder by Him—
FUNNY I NEVER FELT THAT WAS MISSING FROM THE ORIGINAL
Are you saying you don't like it Blister
IT CRIBS PRETTY HEAVY FROM STEPHEN KING IF YOU ASK ME
Maybe if you offered constructive criticism I could IMPROVE future drafts!
SERIOUSLY IS THERE ANYTHING SADDER THAN A HACK PRETENDING TO WANT CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM
C'mon, man!
Thanks for reading my comic strip today!
Dang, is that Beef and Molly?
What are they doin' way the heck out in Pat's neighborhood?
Maybe they're going for a walk.
Nonsense!
Hey, you two! Hop in and I'll give you a lift back to the party!
Oh uh Ray thanks but we have some talking to do
You guys are probably gonna need to urinate soon! Hop in!
We don't need to urinate
Nonsense! That's crazy talk. Get on in and let's go back to the party. You can urinate at my place.
Come on. We can finish this there.
Look if you needed to urinate you could have said so
I don't need to urinate, Beef! Jesus!
Nonsense!
What did you get Téodor for his birthday?
Just a momentary diversion on the road to the grave.
I got him a Stomper!
That's mine, Philippe. Why is it wet?
Because of a problem?
Philippe! Don't touch that!
Why not, Lie Bot?
You shouldn't touch flowers!
But how come?
Don't you know? The flower is the private parts of the plant! It's what they use to make babies!
Oh...oh no! Is...do you think the flower is mad with me?!
I'm sorry flower!
GASP!
Philippe, this flower is pregnant and you're the father!
Holy dang! It's Christmas Eve! I completely forgot!
I should get Roast Beef a present! Lessee here...
We got us some finger ticklers, a jimmy hat, a coin you flip that says sex-related stuff on both sides...
Man I known that dude all my life
I can't get him no rubber for Christmas
zzzzzz
Man that ain't no riddle
Just an extremely rude personal question
What? What are you talkin' about?
Todd when you see the riddle is it kind of a nasty type thing about private circumstances
Not unless you think "if you're running a race, and you pass the guy in second place, what place are you in" is n-n-nasty!
MEANWHILE.
Holy dang! It's Christmas Eve! I completely forgot!
I gotta think of... for Roast Beef... I gotta... just for once...
ZZZZZZ
So what's the afterlife like, Blister?
IT IS PRETTY AWESOME TODD
THERE ARE NO RULES AND YOU JUST GET TO GO CRAZY
Wow! Sweet reward, here I come!
YOU CANNOT KILL YOURSELF THOUGH
YOU HAVE TO DIE FOR REAL
What a drag! I gotta wait?
HOLD ON A SECOND
BANJO WAS JUST EATEN BY A DOG
HE WANTS TO PARTY
Sheet music for ``Sullivan's Bear and Dried Bird' ca. 1901''
Standard Tuning, p=pull off, h=hammer on, Intro: Andante, Legato.
I strayed on down an alley-way, the name I did not know -- the window dressing caught my ...
The soldiers numbered twenty-four, the mallard plainly saw. The bear, he had no time for ...
``They're mocking me and dancing, when I'm not around. That much I am sure of, as sure as ...''
The subject of this song is a child who stands for hours every day in front of a mysterious shop (``Sullivan's'') which never openss. Through the bars on the windows he can see dusty shelves and glass cabinets filled with a variety of dimly lit curios. Among them he enumerates sets of asian jars, baby animals in ether, intricately detailed models of wooden sailing ships, obscure cookware, stringed instruments, tin soldiers, sagging leatherbound volumes, and great containers of multicolred candies. However, the objects which hold the most fascination for him are a life-size stuffed bear and mallar.
Cornelius! Get in! you're old and you gonna do urine on yourself!
What on earth are you talking about?
Cornelius, listen to me! Why come manhole covers are round? Try to think of an answer, but if not it's ok!
Why are you asking me these things? What are you two up to?
Oh my god! It's end-stage dementia! I need two units of O-neg and a crash cart!
You watch too much medical dramas Ray YOU WATCH TOO MUCH MEDICAL DRAMAS!
Stop yelling at me! A BLOO BLA BLOOO! A BLOO BLOO BLOOOOOOO! BLOO BLOO!
I'm LEAVING! I HATE you!
It's just you and me, Cornelius! Us against the world! I'll change your pants, I'll chew your food! 'Cause LIFE'S A BITCH!
BEEF! WAIT! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Who wants a smoke?
I do.
I do.
I do.
And who would prefer to spend five minutes alone in the bathroom with the new FAO Shwarz catalog?
Oh yeah!
Hubba Hubba!
One minute!
Gyuh-huh! Awesome crowd tonight! Good luck, Pat dude!
Why thank you, Vegetable Brain!
Good luck!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Good luck!
Thank you!
Ha ha! Joy Buzzer! Gotcha, Pat dude!
If Puff the Magic Dragon had made that Rainbow Connection, he probably would have wound up sitting next to tonight's headline act. Please put your hands together for Pat...REYNOOOLDS!
Roast Beef! You gotta get down here, dogg!
Uh why Ray what's goin' on
We just closed the Todd Account! We drinkin' us some kinky Aberlour!
Uh I ain't so much of a Scotch guy You got any of that cool beer you had
You know the kind that was all like FWISSSSH
You mean Guinness? Oh hell yeah! I got a whole case of it!
You got any Huey Lewis albums
Like seven!
Any weed
Y-Yeah...we got a little!
WELL THEN MAYBE YOU SHOULD INVITE HUEY LEWIS OVER AND OPEN THE WINDOWS
Good news, Beef! You just landed a paid speaking gig as Jaime the Science Friend!
Oh jeez man you got to be kidding me
Five grand, dude! Don't consider not doing this!
Man that kind of scratch would be pretty tidy I got to admit
Who's the letter from
Lessee here..."The Knights - Love NOT Hate - Racialist Power Rally 2005." Here's their letter:
Ahem..."We unanimously found Jaime the Science Friend to be the perfect entertainment choice for our group: a side-splitting send-up which glorifies White pride and Christian values." What?
Oh good you've turned me into a motivational tool for folks who make the NRA look like a bunch of guys sittin' around a Michigan basement givin' each other titty twisters
Whoops.
Hoping to find a cellular phone and a searing alcoholic beverage, Ray and Bensington Butters head down the moutain path towards the mysterious warehouse. They encounter a string of singular characters, including:
...a very old man who is permanantly vomiting...
...and the whispering earth.
Sorry Molly
I was a coward who would desert a dyin' man.
Well, I have good news, but then I have extra good news, Ray.
Cool! Fun!
OnStar called, and they don't want you to talk about what happened.
You mean how they locked us inside of a self-immolating vehicle because we sounded high and we only got out when I had the critical wherewithal to kick through the cracked windshield?
Right. They'd like to settle "out of court" -
You mean outside of the cremation protocol loop they never QA'ed?
Precisely. To the tune of the low eight figures.
Fun! Rad!
Make 'em sweat it. What's the extra good news?
Ray, your head injury actually brought to attention a sizeable pocket of ethanol-soluble brain plaque.
Good! Bad? Ethanol! Ketel One?
Exactly. We'll have you on localized cranial drip-flush for a few days, and when the mass has dissipated, we'll put you on a "hair of the dog" regimen that eases detoxification.
Not too easy now! I am a great man, but I am not a good man, doctor.
SOCIAL, ANTISOCIAL, WORK-RELATED, NEWS, YOUTUBE, SEARCH?
*The Twitter/FB Infinite Loop: Because Twitter and Facebook update with such intense frequency, by the time you have caught up with one, the other is likely to have new updates, and vice versa - creating a permanent, balanced site-toggling cycle.
I'm gettin' too old to play this game, man.
Washing dishes at refried bean restaurants ?
Back hurts every night, feet swell up so bad it stings to peel my socks off...
... I fell down carryin' one 'a those rubber floor mats tonight and couldn't get up for almost a minute.
Why don't you teach a class in real-world restaurant culture at the cooking school?
Huh! You know I been makin' my bones in dumps and dives longer'n those pimply goons been alive... you might have something there!
Put together a proposal for a lesson plan, I'll type it up for you and hammer out the language. I used to do a bit of copy-writing, I can mimic that kind of thing.
Shit! Me, a fuckin' teacher! ACE OF GRADES!
Soon
Everyone always hates week three. Like calculus it's straight Maaaaannnn When Are We Ever Gonna Use Thiiiiis.
Uh, mom? Can I ask you something?
Why certainly, Raymond.
Um, if I can't be President, can I... can I be a Mayor instead?
Mayor is fine, dear. I would be very proud if my son was a nice, safe mayor, sitting in his office with his hair combed just right.
OK, mom. I will try to be a mayor instead.
You *would* wear a tie, would you Raymond? I see so many mayors gallivanting around in golf shirts these days, it just breaks my heart.
I -- of course! I ain't wanna be, "The Mayor That Let His Momma Down!"
I mean, heh, that ain't no kind of re-election slogan!
Now you just tell me when you are running for mayor and I will come and clap for you.
Oh, mom! You ain't got to come and clap for me!
I need SOMEBODY to clap for, Raymond. Lord knows I haven't clapped since I saw Grace Jones blow up in that movie.
Phillipe! What a highly inadvisable piece of body art!
"Screw you, man." Why, I never. Go home at once. I expect you are in very deep trouble.
Lord thou giveth in mysterious ways but thine grace is great on this day
BEEEEEEEP
Ha ha! You get punk by Click Robot AND mean old man! -- Maybe go home before piano fall on you!
Beef, are you too depressed to finish biting through that piece of toast?
You haven't been using that S.O.--S.A.D. lamp I got, have you?
If I pull the toast away, do you promise to give a little resistance and not fall forward?
Oh---good. Good! It's still stuck to your bottom teeth, though, babe, so you may feel me pulling it up and away.
The new computer's here!
Wow, they really scrimped on this one. It doesn't even have a name.
What's this? UNIX?!
Oh no, I heard about UNIX!
Isn't UNIX made by fat people?
I typed "start." Nothing. Nothing!
Does UNIX have eBay?
||| ||||| |||?
What did you say, french fry?
||| ||||| |||?
Of course it's fun to be able to walk!
|||| || |||?
What?
|||| || |||?
Hmmm. I could put you in a rollerskate...would you like that?
|||| |||!
Ain't no people heah' boy
place is Closed
can't you...
See
Whoah! How'd you DO that?!
Awesome!
Well shucks it's nothin' I couldn't show a fella
SOON
place is Closed
can't you...
See!
Oh man that is too much
You are a hoot and a holler Ray Smuckles
PHILIPPE! What you do to Click Robot?!
I... I just wanted to hear him make his bathroom sound again!
You make him pee his pants! He die of shame!
I'm sorry! Oh no! I'm so sorry!
I need paperclip I can stick in him!
Oh my gosh! Did he not die all the way? Do you have to finish killing him?
Is... is he in pain?
Get me paperclip, Philippe! Now!
I... I'm sorry I dishonored you, Click Robot!
Okay guys uh do you know how to generate your "porn star name"
No! How?
Roast Beef entertained us with an amusing game he had read about on the Web.
Well uh it's pretty fun
You take the name of your first pet
My first pet? Why, sweet little Dickie the parakeet!
And then you take the street you first lived on
Roxx Street in Cambridge!
And you add them together
Dickie Roxx! Dickie Roxx! How perfectly pornographic! I couldn't wait for my turn!
You always get something that is extremely humorous
Heh! What's your porno name, Beef?
Oh uh it's kind of funny actually
My porn name is "John Holmes"
What?
We had a mouse named John And we lived on Holmes Lane
No way!
Awesome!
Wow!
Roast Beef! You should get down here! We lookin' at *hella porno!*
you are
Aw yeah, Beef! This chick has some RUUUDE TITTIES!
well uh how rude exactly are we talkin about here Ray
The *RUDEST!*
daaamn
Pat? Philippe wants to know if he can come look at your aquarium today.
Yes!
You told the boy I had an aquarium.
Well, you do. What? What's the problem?
Noooo!
Never mind, I'll get you started on the paperwork. Look for my fax.
____]]
don't ya steal mah' hat
agh!
Hey, why'd you turn that off? I like Lyle Lovett!
Man I would totally go to the bathroom on that guy
Don't talk that way. That's just stupid.
I don't mean I would actually do it but I am tr
Whatever. Here, here's Kraftwerk. Would you go to the bathroom on them?
No they already have people.
Yeah, O'Malley. Photos just showed up. I'm takin' a look at them right now.
Hold on, dammit! Dude, Bensington looks slick in these, a straight up pinstripe player! Ain't no sporks or Fed-Ex'd Shoney's!
Oh, you know what it is? Scrape the "Made in China" sticker off your camera. What's it say underneath?
"Hencho en Mexico." I knew it. The market is flooding with Magical mexican realism products these days.
Yeah, thing shoots Bensington the way he thinks of himself, not the way he really is.
'Round about a year back, I bought a cell phone off a loco street player -- had to make a quick call. Call went fine, but then weird stuff started happenin'
Well, the main thing was that i got this recurrin' voice mail, a breathy Latina's voice sayin' "We must meet, for i am your true love." Finally she left an address, some apartment way over in Brunina De Nada, this isolated farm community that is like fifty miles past nowhere
I get to drivin' over there, and in the middle of this huge flat field, there's an intersection with a stoplight. The light's red, and in the car in front of me the driver is checkin' his teeth in the rear-view mirror.
For half an hour, an hour, then two, the light doesn't change, and this dude is calmly examinin' his teeth the entire time. Then i get it. I scrape the sticker off the phone: "Hencho en Mexico." I turn around and drive home.
S-S-So we're gonna have a piece called Waterslide Magic where I come down a waterslide and all these chicks just bust out all kinds of handjobs on me!
Uh huh. Excellent. This is really clicking. Keep going.
An-an-an I gotta have this car too! This car's the best! This is the BEST car! GOTTA be in the contract!
A 1983 Mercedes? You got it, my friend. Anything else?
I mean, lookit this car! It's the frikkin' BEST! You know how frikkin' NICE this car is, ya jerk-wad?!
That car is fantastic. I'm not kidding.
IT'S LIKE, WHY DO THEY EVEN FRIKKIN' MAKE OTHER CARS?! IDIOTS! FRIKKIN IDIOTS! DON'T MAKE CARS EXCEPT THIS ONE!
Here's five hundred dollars. Don't spend it all in one place, unless that place is your nose.
Oh dang man this sucks but some characters from web comics just showed up
What the fuck, man?!
What do you clowns want? You lost or something?
I... I am the faerie Airalea! We do not wish your people any harm!
Big deal. Take a hike.
Listen. Isn't there a Peet's where we can all go and make like Rachel and Phoebe?
Let me guess. You're a cynical dyke who always needs coffee and talks about coffee.
Marshal your words with greater care, friend, or I shall -
Shall what? Shall suck at being entertaining? Too late, pal!
Your activities are so poorly conveyed
Uh...yeah! Of course you can buy one, mom!
Oh, good. Now, what is it I am buying from you, Raymond. I always write what I bought on the memo line of my checks. It's a good habit.
We...uh...we sell special cards for...for kids who had to get operations on Christmas!
My goodness! How thoughtful! You are so inventive, Raymond. You know, my little friend Bobby from church group had an operation on Christmas! This will really cheer him up!
Well, I'll get it in the mail first thing! Thanks for the sale, mom!
Raymond! Didn't Todd tell you? He invited me to your company for a visit! You don't need to worry about mailing the card.
That son of a bitch! What the--
Raymond! Tell me you did not just swear!
Huh? Oh! No, mom! I was coughin'! I ate a really hot chili pepper just now!
Ack hack hack! Bleccch! Yuck.
Raymond! Don't eat hot chili peppers when you're on the phone with your monther! Who taught you to do that?
Sorry, mom. I was readin' that book about college dares from the '20s again.
THAT EVENING.
I TOLD YOU ASSHOLES I WAS MAKING MOUSSAKA TONIGHT AND WHY YOU AREN'T IN THE KITCHEN IS BEYOND EVEN THE PART OF MY IMAGINATION THAT HAS BEEN SITTING AROUND DRINKING OUZO FOR TWO HOURS!
WHERE ARE ALL OF THE ASSHOLES WHO ARE NOT EATING MY MOUSSAKA!
We're in here, dogg!
Yo, dogg! Some moussaka would really hit the spot! All with that sauce...
Well, he's breathin', but his ass cheek and brain are hella stabbed.
I ain't sure I'd even want to wake up again if my ass cheek and brain were that stabbed, you guys catch my drift?
ZZZZZ
You want an olive, or you want a twist? Olive, or twist? This is Ketel One, boy! You know what that IS, don't you? DON'T YOU?
Wait! ...it's time for my back medicine.
Here you go Tough Guy! One on the house!
AGH! What the hell, Vlad?
Is new Flamink Sub! Is for real Tough Guys like yourself!
What's with this whole Tough Guy thing, anyway?
What happened to "Be Like Jared"?
Listen, Téodor.
Who wants to be this dork, with his stupid face and total wiener personality?
Well, he doesn't really make me feel good about food, if that's what you're saying.
Exactly! Now, strictly between you and me, I am writink script for Subway TV ad...
...where Green Beret punches Jared in heart so hard that he dies.
Hey folks! It's...
Only those with a positive score can advance into the limo and get away from the reception. Once you land on the limo square, you are inexorably drawn up the black path and cannot turn back. Good luck, and enjoy!
Ray, I encountered some difficulties during your friend's surgery.
Oh my Lord! Did the AIBO lung not work?
In fact, quite the opposite.
I ended up using the AIBO's entire cardiopulmonary system to replace his natural organs, which were quite weakened.
Why, I wouldn't be surprised if Roast Beef now outlived us all by several decades!
But, as they are computerized they will be prone to crashing from time to time.
Y-yeah?
To reboot him, simply insert a paper clip into this small hole I made in his chest.
SHOWBIZ
Showbiz man what the hell You ain't got to lie to us
Listen, Roast Beef! Maybe it ain't such a good idea to stage this little family reunion out here just now!
Look
I...I'm into them five large, Beef! I'm gettin' calls every day!
Alright look here's everything I got
For real?!
Just take it
Just take it and run
You like Ketel One, right?
Yeah, that's good...liquor.
Damn straight it is. I got a weakness for the stuff. You take an olive or a twist?
Uh...a twist.
Heh heh! How'd you know I was out of olives? You crack me up, Téodor.
Alright, Ray. It looks like you get the next storyline.
Lay it on me!
ahem
"Ray reads Fast Food Nation and decides to become a vegan."
Whoah, I call bullshit on that one.
Hold your horses, there's more to it.
"He eats so many Tofutti-Cuties that he dies of ice cream headache."
Huh! You know, I always wanted to act out a big old dramatic death scene.
Maybe you're finally going to go to hell for selling your soul to the devil for that magical piano!
Heh! What ever happened with that, anyway?
Nothin. It's been over a year and that storyline never saw closure.
Well shit, man! Let's wrap that sucker up! Where those Tofutti-Cuties at?
SOON
Welcome to Hell, Mr. Smuckles. Here's your 1982 Subaru Brat.
FINE! I WILL FIND A DRIVER ON THE INTERNET AND IT HAD JUST BETTER WORK!
THE "LOGITECH QUICK CAM" USB DRIVER! PERFECT! GOOD! HERE GOES NOTHING!
Driver successfully installed.
AHA! I THOUGHT SO! THEY'RE ALL THE SAME!
WHERE ARE THE LIGHTS? I SAID THERE SHOULD BE RED LIGHTS DAMMIT!
Todd! Don't use the phone. This ain't that kind of company.
'sfer you, Ray! Hot p-p-potato!
Raymond Quentin Smuckles! Why do you never call your poor mother?!
Mom?
I was just speaking with your friend Todd! He says you have a new company? What do you do, Raymond?
Oh! Todd! Ha, ha! Oh, mom. We...it's a good time. We just havin' a lot of fun and learnin' as we go.
Mmm hmm. And what do you sell? Can I buy one? ! would like to support you!
Roast Beef, could you come into my office?
Excuse me
I would like to announce
That if any more bands get famous simply by covering songs off of Disintegration
I am gonna take four shits and die
Also
Anyone born after the McD.L.T. has no business stomping around acting punk rock
Oh dang man some nasty old belly button lint
I wonder what my belly button even looks like up close anyway
Hm no magnifying glass
Nobody's around maybe I'll just use the scanner
Jesus
Well, if this don't seal the deal! OUT! Get OUT of my house! NOT my friend!
No wonder you never call! Well, I hope she's warm, 'cause I certainly won't be after I die of shame!
Hey Beef! You ever taste sugar cookies? I just -
Dude, are you bangin' a website?
Jesus I'm just scanning my belly button Ray
You're bangin' a website, but whatever. No cookies for you.
Dogg Téodor help I accidentally spent all afternoon watchin' video clips of rally cars plowin' into crowds and I promised to cook a special meal for Molly tonight !
Dude I don't know just tell me what cooks fast and is extremely special !
No man pork chops are too crass for a lady they are a low dish of dudes
Sorry man I'm just all worked up from these videos I mean they got heads poppin' off and dudes just getting creamed fifty at a time and this one ldy even was holding a baby but like this skidding Renault destroyed both of them--
Man I know it ain't smart for me to watch clips like that I mean now I can't even open the oven door without worrying' that a rally car is gonna come shootin' out at me !
Man I ain't gonna call Waiters On Wheels what if I open the front door and a rally car comes shootin' in at me ! ?
Man these wise old crudgens got some points
Smart to pair off so you got a support system when somebody's pelvis turns to Wedgwood or a mind goes soft or you just need to get out of a place
Sad future wheelchair times aside though maybe it's cause you need that bump of ceremony and witnesses to help you not just shove all your favorite hats in a duffel and drive away givin' the finger the first time somebody forgets to pay the water bill for the eighth time
Rely rely rely in times of weakness...why ain't my thoughts of marriage about good times like a Thanksgiving in fifteen years when our kid does a bunch of weed and can't get out of the bathroom and I'm like DAMMIT I MADE ALL THESE POTATOES
Hee that sounds kind of fun all getting to be a weird dad with a Cliff Huxtable sweater and a bunch of ruined potatoes
All sliding handcuffs under the bathroom door and saying DO THE RIGHT THING
Man the hell if I know what even a sip of this soup is I got to jump in with both legs and see what happens when the snowball comes loose from the mountain there ain't no other way
Ain't like I was in danger of cheatin' with Kate Moss in some limo behind Madrid I mean I got to own up that I am a regular man and sometimes a regular man does a regular thing like marry somebody good
OHHH SHIIIIIT!
Well if it ain't the peckerwood that took down Cody. Lookit 'im run, boys. He 'specting us to turn and high-tail?
Moves pretty fast for a boy who dines on fine cakes and city-wine, if'n you ask -
ALRIGHT! Which one 'a you am I makin' into cowboy sauce next!
...and so on through the night did Son of Rodney turn Cody Travis's tick-pimps, boilbacks, and yard-sleepers into cowboy sauce.
I'm a pig for Halloween!
Fig 1. This man is naked
^0
:)
:(
8•||
?:©
€˙.˙˙˙˙˚ . ˚ ˙ ˚
Man, this guy got in the Guinness book of World Records just for havin' long-ass fingernails? Daaamn...what can I get in for...
Ate so much cheese that he became rude and raunchy... Nah. Cheese costs hell of cash money. Drove a 1973 Honda Civic into a kake going one inch per hour, Everyone watching became insane from the stress. Nah. No way to count on people going insane. But on the other hand it would take so long that national news outlets could catch on and do a countdown!  I could webcast the whole thing, say I was at an "unnamed lake" and "accepting donations!" Man, I could clear five digits just for threatening to drive a Honda into a lake on the Internet!
What are you reading, Lyle?
Eh, feckin' Playboy! I dunno why Téodor subscribes to this rag, it's just the same rouged plastic asshole month after month. Feh!
Feh!
Oh boy! The Advisor answered my letter! Oh, good!
So, where'd you grow up?
Oh, 'round parts of West Virginia
Places you could sit under the old oak trees in the summertime and smell the hills around you baking
Watch the rain come once again in the fall
Bring fragrance to the land like herbs and a pestle
That sounds like a really beautiful place to grow up.
Mom-mom had to die because of the ground chemicals
Daddy had a disease which made his head ten percent smaller each year
They say there's gonna be layoffs at the mine
What are you working on, Tèodor?
Oh, check it out! I'm making a fake Yahoo Personals ad for Ray!
Likes/Dislikes
Photos!
\June2003\ray_ascot.
Photo Confirm
Complete!
Philippe! Come quick! Roast Beef is havin' a baby!
But I thought men couldn't have babies!
Don't talk!
Alright now - he's havin' his baby in my room. Are you okay with that?
Yes!
Roast Beef! Good news! I found Philippe, dude!
Dang Philippe thanks for coming I guess today is the big day huh !
Whoah, Beef! You just went into labor!
Oh crud man wish me luck
OH GOD MAN THIS IS SO WAAAACKYYYYY
Hold on, Beef! Now, don't be mad! Is the baby...right about...here?
Yes dogg that is the baby oh my goodness !
There we go! Got 'im!
Wow! Is it a boy or a girl?! Is it okay? What is its name?
It's the Kermit the Frog Master Memory Challenge! Happy birthday, little man!
Oh my gosh, guys! Thanks!
Man, I got the skitters somethin' awful! What was that cheese called again?
You might be the only guy on earth ever spread brie on a hot dog bun
I thought that shit was just old mayo!
That don't exactly explain why you tried to eat it
I'm bored! Let's go pick us up some poontang!
You shouldn't hit on chicks if you have the runs man think about the outcome
I do it all the time! Hella works!
Hey, I'm gonna make a million bucks! You know how?
There's no place to learn how to rob a bank! We could run a secret school! No questions asked!
Ad in the back of Soldier of Fortune, man!
Stand behind the couch, pretend you're a teller!
Come on!
Fuck you! Give me the money, idiot! I'm from Switzerland!
Showbiz why are you mentioning Switzerland
Sounds scary!
Freaks 'em out!
Switzerland is a place where old men eat chocolate
Alright, so I'm from Cozumel then! Give me the money, idiot!
Are those the only two foreign places you can think of?
POW!
Dogg check it out Molly and me are having a Jack and Diane party
Naw man we all set you ain't got to bring nothin' but yourself
Cool man see you in a few
Gentlemen, we must share our discovery with the world. It is in the spirit of the highest good.
But I fear the world is not ready to accept the necessary apparel
And remember, the world is designed to function around suffering. If we took away suffering, the world's economies would collapse. Total system failure; chaos. Most jobs would simply be abandoned.
What we have here is a dangerous, terrible secret.
We have discovered the means to the end of life as we know it
We must make the ultimate saacrifice, then: our own enlightenment. We must destroy this technology.
Better that three men lead ordinary lives than the world come to an end.
Wait. We mustn't destroy them - we must hide them in an unfindable place.
Inside the housing of a large table saw
No. You're saying that because you want to be discovered. You still have ego. You want recognition.
Don't tell me my motives! How dare you! You've been incidental here, Ray!
Téodor! Nooo!
So, Todd, how is this year's acorn crop?
It's frikkin' AWESOME!
I found like twelve acorns, and also I found an-an-an old dead body!
Really?
It-it-it was my cousin Frankie! Cousin Frankie!
Oh! A dead squirrel body. I thought you meant like a real dead body.
Whaddaya mean, "real" dead body? He was my frikkin' cousin! Are you some kinda jerk or what?
Hey, whoah. I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way. How did your cousin die?
He was 'sploded by a car.
He seemed quite taken by my clothing, which to my surprise flattered me a great deal.
Daamn, I am diggin' these old-school duds!
He wondered aloud where he might get a similar outfit, and added that he would be willing to spend "heck of Benjamins."
Seriously, man!
We went through the children's wardrobes, as they are off wintering with their mother in more agreeable climes.
Soon he was outfitted in a similar manner to me, and I dare say the little fellow did look quite dapper.
They oughta take a picture of me and put it on money!
Lyle! You know calligraphy! That's quite impressive!
Hey! Get lost! Go to hell!
The art of elegant handwriting is nothing to be ashamed of, Lyle! One can make quite a good living that way!
Really?
Absolutely! Mmm-hmmmm! And this looks to be commercial-quality work right here!
Aw, I'm just pretendin' to have my own brand of whiskey...you know?
PAT!
Don't wear a cape!
Ray! I'm on a mission! It's part of my outfit!
What's your mission? To look like some guy whose license place says RENFAIR?
To spread Niceness throughout the world!
What the fuck are you talkin' about? You're the biggest asshole I know!
Not anymore! Not since I got electrocuted! I'm a changed man!
So now you're in The Byrds?
No, but I endorse their message of love and respect!
Highly melodic folk rock is long overdue for a comeback. Maybe I ought get him into the studio.
SOON
And as I walked across this land of dirt and pain and dust
I saw our people ground beneath The wheels of greed and lust
Dang. HELLA emotional. This is a million-seller
Babe, can I give you a little trim "down there"?
It ain't exactly like my thatch is sportin' an afro pick and a disregard for people who have to sit behind it at the movie theatre, you know.
It's just... when you're trimmed, you look longer! And more... modern!
Man but what if I wind up on the coroner's slab
He all speaks into his little voice recorder, "Victim is a grey male, thirty to thirty-five, oh my, what's this...
"... a DIY-denuded pubis indicates he was given to fanciful notions about his ability to manipulate the visual drama of his own genitalia...
"Cause of death: a Glen of Imaal Terrier was unable to detect the important mammalian identification pheromones normally locked in the pubic hair and mistook him for a terrified, asexual forcemeat.
Lie Bot, do other people really want to kill Americans?
Oh hell yes!
How come?
Because we're so superior! We've got big vocabularies and we get fresh with the fine women!
I don't have a big vocabulary.
But you still get fresh with the fine women, right?
I think so
Beef, you got the wrong idea about music videos!
Now why don't you just try again! I know you can do better!
Shucks man I don't know about this
Just make it fun to watch! That's all people want! Just make it a party!
SCENE ONE
Ray goes to his favorite childhood chinese restaurant
But it is out of business
He's all like "Enough o' this!"
He sets up his piano inside and starts to play
All these people show up and are all dancing
Suddenly the restaurant is in business again
CON'T
The chinese chef is dancing around with everyone and holding a ladle, all goin' nuts
Ray sees a beautiful lady
They get into a limo; the limo peels out
A child picks up a faded chinese menu, looks up
The restaurant is out of business again
It was all a dream...OR WAS IT?
END
Hey, Beef! Letter came for Showbiz! What's goin' on?
Oh uh he is travelling for a while and must have had his mail forwarded here sorry about that
Neat! Where'd he go?
He uh he is partying down in Cozumel
Huh, that's weird! I've always heard that the chicks in Cozumel are pretty conservative this time of year!
Well, that's Showbiz for you. Guy could party with a Dutch oven if he wanted to.
Anyhow, here's the letter.
Ray! This is Pat! Listen to me!
JUFF A FECOND 'UDE
Do I really need to hold during your entire damn morning routine?!
P'too! Whew! I feel like a million bucks! Whatchu want, Pat?
Roast Beef just threatened to sexually assault me! I need your gun!
Are you crazy? You know it's a felony for me to loan a gun to a fugitive.
Oh, so you're gonna play THAT card, huh!
WHAT... WHAT'S THE MATTER PHILIPPE
Jeez, Billy... sometimes I think I might be the worst person for your soul to be in! I don't seem to know anything about punk rock!
NOW DON'T SAY THAT
YOU ARE PRETTY PUNK IN YOUR OWN WAY
No I'm not! I'm not punk at ALL!
BUT YOU REJECT AUTHORITY RIGHT HUH LITTLE GUY
Well sure, I guess so...
GO ON
I guess one time my mom told me I had to stop reading my favorite book and go to bed and in my head I thought up a real sad piano song that I would ask my best friend to play at my funeral...
THAT'S PRETTY HEAVY STUFF
I even tried to get the last notes to sound like,
Sheesh! FINALLY you're done in there! I've had to powder my nose for like twenty minutes!
Oh uh maybe you ain't want to go in there I mean uh it ain't too cool in there right now
It ain't the coolest place in town
Of course it's not the coolest place in town. It's our bathroom. Let me by.
Jesus woman why are you not getting it
She can't know that my body can create odors like this
Beef?
She'll never let me roll in the hay again
She'll just think of me as a set of bowels with a laptop
Roast Beef!
I mean if Romeo had a stench like that they only would have needed like the first three pages of that play
Fine. You're doing one of your things. I'll go over to Ray's.
HOW MANY TIMES IN A ROW ARE YOU GOING TO LISTEN TO TOUCH OF GREY, YOU SON OF A BITCH?!
I will...get by...I will surviiive...
Heh! Dude, I think I'm becoming a Dead Head! Listen to how fun this song is!
Like hell you are. Have you heard any of their other tracks?
iiive...
If even half of them are this good, its Dead Head city, sell the car, baby!
Here, lemme pull up some of their stuff on YouTube.
BLARGH
Leave me alone!
GAG! COUGH!
This is horrible! I'd rather mail vomit to my grandmother then listen to this for even one more second!
Dear Grandson, I m sorry you felt the need to send me what you did, though it was an improvement over the Grateful Dead tapes. Have a good winter and hope to see you at Easter. X's and O's, Gran
Did you know that these dudes were so stoned, they had two drummers at the same time and didn't even notice?
Jesus, these guyus could bore a nuclear explosion back into its shell! I mean, at least you can tap your foot to an incoming fax!
Oh, good! My new banjo got here!
Oh m'darlin', Oh m'darlin', Oh m'daaaarlin' Mabel Jane
Even thooough the sun does wane
I hope we walk again beneath...
The boughs of Friendship Lane!
Hey, that was kind of pretty! I bet there's a place for a tune like this.
...the boughs of Friendship Lane!
And that was the new hit single from Ray Smuckles, taking us back to a simpler, better time!
Wow!
Ray, turn on 60 Minutes! Andy Rooney's talking about you!
...and what's so wrong with walking down Friendship Lane, anyway? Why, I remember a time when couples actually got to KNOW each other before making more serious decisions! If I could have written a song that describes the best feeling on earth, it would be Friendship Lane. Good job, Ray Smuckles. Good job, sir.
Whoah!
ARE YOU DEPRESSED?
IS IT BAD?
THEN TRY TO GET SOME CODING DONE
AT LEAST TRY TO OPEN THE BLINDS
IS THERE ANYTHING IN THE FRIDGE?
DO YOU THINK YOU CAN HANDLE SOME TV?
CALL FOR SOME CHINESE DELIVERY
am I craving Chinese food because I'm dying?
AT ANY RATE YOU NEED A SHOWER IT'S BEEN LIKE SIX DAYS
DO YOU THINK YOU CAN GET IT TOGETHER ENOUGH TO DO SOME READING?
YOU NEED TO EAT SOMETHING YOU KNOW HOW YOU GET
OH WELL
OK THEN READ ONLINE NEWS FOR A WHILE
EAT SOME PEANUT BUTTER
IF YOU ONLY DO ONE THING TODAY YOU NEED TO EAT SOME GOD DAMNED PEANUT BUTTER
YES!
HI!
YES
YES
JUST BUSINESS AS USUAL
YES
NOT FEELIN' IT
NOT LIKELY
CAN'T BEAR TO LOOK
OH GOD PLEASE NOT JUDGE JUDY THAT WOMAN IS HELL OF TERRIBLE *picture of Judge Judy*
DEFINITELY NOT
NO WAY THAT STUFF HAS MAD SODIUM
N/T
N/T
TOO EXPENSIVE
NO
I CAN'T THE LIGHT BURNED OUT IN THERE
NO
JUST ONLINE BUT DEFINITELY NOT LIKE BOOKS
FINE
LEAVE ME ALONE
IT PROBABLY WENT ALL NASTY WITH THAT OIL ON TOP
STOP YELLING AT ME!
MMM TASTY
YES!
HI!
What do you think this is, Todd? The Pet Shop Boys? Put some spine into it!
I'm tryin' to find my groove here! Shut up and listen already!
I've heard better music blown through panty hose! NEXT!
What do you mean you want off the show, Beef?
We just finished your makeover! You can't quit now!
Yeah I've heard of "Weezer." Of course I have, God dammit!
Well, first of all, Weezer could never HAVE a baby with an iMac, so that is a totally dumb way to describe how you think you look!
so how do you french anyway
Aw, it's real easy, Beef!
Listen... first you just stick your tongue out...
I would but I can't open my mouth inside this helmet
Okay, then just pretend that you're stickin' your tongue out.
Okay I'm pretendin I'm stickin my tongue out
Now wave it all around! Side-to-side, in and out--just get *insane!*
Okay I'm pretendin that my tongue is all goin crazy
So now when you want to end the french, you just pull back and go MMM-*MMM!*
MMM-MMM should I say Thank You or somethin
Ha Ha! More like, "You're *welcome!"*
A huge "chipper/shredder" that grinds up whole communities
]]
GUYS! COME QUICK! I FOUND THE SON OF A BITCH THAT INVENTED COMIC SANS!
THERE HE IS! GET HIM!
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE RUNNING FROM?! THE DISEASE IS INSIDE OF YOU!
NOTHING CAN UNDO WHAT YOU'VE DONE!
HE WANTS TO TASTE THE CURB! HE WANTS TO TASTE THE FUCKING CURB!
Hey! Where's the cabbage I farted by the J-Lo?
It breathed like warm liquid. I reamed the tweezer hair and stuck it up
Aw, crap. I was lettin' Todd crash in there
I threw Todd away?
Probably. Did it seem kind of heavy?
Well...yeah, but I thought someone had used the thing as a toilet and left it in the hall.
That was a phone book, and I said I was sorry. How long you gonna carry that damn thing's torch.
Well, it's just kind of rude to throw a guy away. Somethin' like this might remind him of how low he's sunk.
Jesus, listen to me. Gettin' mistaken for shit in a wadded-up hoody is pretty sad. I'll go apologize to him
Maybe give him a ten, show the guy you're still his bro.
A ten? Wait, hold on—you guys are hustling me! You did a Roseanne in some sweatshirt and now you're tryin' to cash in on it!
Aw, DAMMIT! I said a buck, maybe a fiver, but greedy goddamn Todd rated the con at a ten. That moron.
Hiya, Lie Bot!
Philippe! Guess what's in the hall closet!
Oh, I dunno. Extra stuff?
a SKELETON!
AAAA!
AAAAAAA!
Lyle, will you read me a bedtime story?
Huh? How come?
I just saw Harry Potter and I'm too scared to go to sleep!
Oh, alright. Just grab somethin' off my shelf over there.
These don't sound like bedtime stories! Don't you know any?
Aw, crap.
Uh, do you want to know how to make a bomb out of a floppy disk?
Oh wow! Really?!
Or how about the five secrets of successful shoplifting?
Oh boy! Wow!
You really seem into this stuff!
Hold on a sec, I'm gonna get somethin' outta the garage.
Here it is, Philippe: The Anarchist's Cookbook.
As my mentor Phreak Pisces gave it to me, so I now give it to you.
Whoo boy
Hey, Beef! Look at me! I'm Tony Soprano! You got a problem with that?
Man Ray where in hell did you get a gun
It's Lyle's! It's a little snub just like Tony Soprano has!
Heh heh! You wearin' a wire, Roast Beef? Did you rat us out to the Feds?
Don't point that thing at me man You know I don't like guns
Tell Carmela I had to take Christopher to the dentist! Later, Beef!
So this is our Meyer Lemon Weissbier. Note the delicate clove aftertaste.
Highfalutin'
We recommend serving this one with buckwheat latkes and modified-death Ottawa venison.
What does that mean modified death
Well, it's been scientifically proven that the meat of an animal that dies without suffering tastes better. Modified-death animals are executed in a loving, cage-free environment.
So like the deer is in the champagne room getting an eyeful and suddenly he is shanked
That seems unlikely.
Maybe it's set up more like an "adventure weekend" that goes horribly wrong Like four buddies go hunting and three of them have agreed to sell the last guy to Ottawa Modified Death Maybe he has like buck teeth and a calculator and stuff
Yeah, Beef. These animals are killed in bizarre hunting betrayals because they were nerds. Will you just taste the beer?
How do I know you ain't sold me out to Ottawa Modified Death?
Oh jesus come on dude don't get into that stuff
It don't matter! Go away! Nobody cares!
You're stupid! You shouldn't even care!
Hello, is this Mr. Ray Smuckles of 11 Via Verde?
Sir, this is the Achewood City sheriff's department. We've received charges that you hired a known sex offender to mutilate his body in front of several children.
Thank... Thank you for calling MoviePhone. Today's movies are pretty good. You got Spiderman to choose from or also Titanic at 7:30.
Mr. Smuckles? Those films are not currently in theaters.
Thank you for calling Historical MoviePhone, where History Comes To Life. You have just won seven dollars, please hold.
Roast Beef! I made a really rad model train layout! Don't you want to come see it?
Man that sounds like some real B.S. Ray
It goes through a tunnel! But even better is that when it gets to the hopper, it actually drops off tiny little payloads! Soooooo realistic!
You better not be messin' with me
Oh you should see it, Beef! The delivery actually starts a second train in motion!
Oh man that sounds too good to be true
You're talkin' about what would basically be the most important model train layout of all time you realise
Beef, it don't stop there. This layout also has a *water feature*.
Oh man like a little waterfall or riverbed
Yeah! And get this -- the train stops for a minute at a *tiny little classical music concert!*
Okay that's it
Ray?
Hey little guy, have you seen Todd?
Is today Todd's birthday?
Heh heh. Uh, no. But I do need to visit with him.
How come?
He... his library books are overdue! I don't want him to get in trouble!
Oh no! Will he have to pay a fee?
That's right! We need to find him soon or the library people will make him pay a fee!
TODD!
How's he lookin, Dr. Andretti? He's gonna be okay, right? Just like last time?
I'm afraid the extent of the damage is rather more serious this time. The bullet has pierced one of this lungs. He's on life support.
So he just needs a lung transplant, right? I'll give him one of mine! Let's get movin'!
We gonna be lung brothers, Beef! Just hang in there!
Ain't nothin' more special...than...lung...brothers...
This is Uncle Ray knockin' at the door of One Cuddleplace Lane! Who wants dinner!
We have not called this room that since I was TWO! Desist!
Do you want some tasty pizza, Little Nephew? I ordered us some Amici's!
Yeah uh Ray uh I was goin' around the property today and figurin' on ways to save you some expenses
Aw, you know i ain't care about that stuff. But thanks though.
Well uh first off behind the gardening shed is just this completely cherried-out '79 Trans Am that no one ever seems to drive
I figure tags and insurance alone each year cost you somewhere in the neighborhood of five biscuits
Trans Am...Trans Am...oh! That's my Trans Am. Is that where it is?
Yeah, but I mean you I mean look you didn't even remember you had it so why keep it around just leechin' ducats
That's the exact car from Knight Rider, dude! KITT!
No, KITT was created from modified early-80s Trans Ams and was not a deep burgundy
Still though, dude, I did a lotta work gettin' a computer installed that could talk like KITT. Come see.
Oh no way you got a voice modulator hooked up to a speech algorithm ?!
Maybe you could work that part out. I mainly ended up tryin' to see if I could use the computer to get more organized.
June 2001 DON'T FORGET MOTHER'S DAY MAYBE FRAMED PIX OF ME? _
Mr. Kazenzakis. I'll be wantin' to speak with you then.
So, how's it you come by your wages, son?
Well. I doubt a man can make much livin' with a lightnin' box. Ye'll need to buck real trade. Stone's a good wey of it. Ye'll be a mason and the clock'll always find ye at day. Six 'a me boys went that wey.
Pat's dying up there! We gotta help him!
Lyle! Philippe! Beef! Follow me!
Thank you...uh...those were the opening notes to Day Tripper.
What in the devil?
My name is Roast Beef and wouldn't you know
Ladies and gentlemen put your hands together for ANIMALICIOUS
Now sit back and prepare to have your minds blown away as four complete musical strangers explore the sonic soundscape
So I guess you're going to have to get a job now, Phillipe!
Why do I have to get a job, Lie Bot?
To take care of the baby! Babies are very expensive!
But I can't get a job! I don't know how to do anything!
Well, apparently you know how to make babies!
That... that was an accident! I didn't know that you can't touch flowers!
So, are you going to wear a tuxedo or just a suit? I suggest a tux. They photograph better.
What?! What do you mean?
At the wedding! You can't have a baby and not be married!
I have to get married?! But I'm only five!
You're old enough to make a mistake, and that's old enough to start a family!
What are you writing today, Cornelius?
Oh, it's tricky. Harlequin wants a romance novel centered around the organic foods craze.
"A man, a woman, and a carrot with lice."
Something like that, yes. They want it done before everyone goes broke buying single-origin mesclun from Aberdeen.
Can I see what you have so far?
But of course, dear boy.
How does he write women so well?
HEEE
EEEEE
ELLL
LLLLP!
Todd! I thought you died and went to heaven!
Y-Y-Yeah, but I'm back now, ya flippin' ass-jack! 'Syer mom still a putz?
How'd you get out this time?
They just m-m-made me watch some videos about not whackin' off. Also I hadda rotate this guy Fat Slimmy's tires.
What had you been doing for the other three months?
This guy Ricky Craponi showed me how ta make a bong outta a pair 'a scissors an' some dice!
Wow. When you go to heaven, you kind of make a little prison stint out of it. Were you anybody's heaven-bitch?
They ain't allow guys to bitch-up in heaven! Frikkin' beats the pen hands down! I never been off my knees so long!
I didn't know you were always getting terror-laid in the big house. Maybe you ought to clean up your act, dude.
Thatsa gab for another day, schmendrick. Gimme a twenny! I gotta get a bump in my snout 'fore I go buttshit apehole and yerp onna frikkin' floor!
Hey buddy you know who I'm drivin' in that sidecar
Three bucks for the Polish, pencil neck.
That's the only son of Rodney Leonard Stubbs
Well I'll be damned. The Man With The Blood On His Hands.
He kicked Envelỏpe Martinez's ass last week
Keep the change amigo
Tower One! You know those two guys just ran over Doyle Headley in the parkin' lot?
Say, what's the latest on Martinez? Wasn't he gonna do color this year?
The other dude?
Why's that hot dog chef keep pointin' us out to everybody?
Oh he probably thinks he has some juicy gossip or something
Look, if you think you can buy out my politics then you're dead wrong. Whats gotten into you lately, Ray?!
T-Téodor, How'd you get past the gate?!
And what's with the one loafer? Are you supposed to be the Micheal Jackson of the G.O.P.?
I AM LAZARUS, TASSELED LOAFER TO THE WORLD'S GREATEST BUSINESS MIND'S!
Nice talking shoe, dork. Does Sharper Image still comp your limo rides to the mall?
Damn! Shanked it.
Is that Ray's novelty loafer? What in the heck is it doing here?
MmmMmmMmmmmm
Typical of him to throw high-end garbage around.
YOU SPEAK OF MY FALLEN BROTHER, LAZARUS.
Whoah! What?!
I AM LEOPOLD, BROTHER OF LAZARUS, SON OF LUCIEN. I BEG OF YOU, STRANGER, SIT AND BE TOLD OUR STORY.
Hey PAT! Téodor says you broke my new banjo! What the hell, man? Totally uncool!
RAY! Your banjo is trying to kill me! It's dragging me down the street!
What, someone slip some acid into your cod liver oil?
I'm at...I'm at Tate and Marshall! Come get this damned thing off me!
Crap, man! I ain't want to go out and be Pat's acid guide! I got Mad Max all cued up on the DVD. And plus I have been wanting to drink beer.
But then again, at the same time, I would feel partially responsible if I let him crawl into heavy traffic or something.
However, last time I saw him we got into a really nasty argument about circumcision. He even went so far as to insult my actual, personal hose.
He said that it had been rendered so insensitive by the procedure that I constantly sought sex in some vain hope of reawakening genital feeling. I am not sure that I want to help out a dude who insulted the very lifeline of my heritage.
Well, I'll help you on one condition, Turtleneck Tom.
What?!
You need to admit that my dick looks better than yours.
Come on, man. Say good stuff about my dick.
Man who says graphic design is hard that logo took six minutes and it's the best damn graphic design in the world
Alright now just whip up some main card categories that cover the basic aspects of life and let the juice trickle down
Card: Baby I'm Sorry I Said That Kim Jong-Il Gets More Play Than Me
At Least Our Play Is Not Based On Lies About Me Being a Deity
I'm Sorry I Can't Go Outside When the Neighbors Are Home
I'm Sorry I Didn't Pay Attention to the Movie and Kept Reaching Back and Feeling My Kidneys
I Never Said I'd Be Great I Mean I Never Even Said I'd Be Capable of Reading the Label of a Shampoo Bottle Without Wondering Which of Us Would Die First
Man who ain't been there
Money in the bank
Alright everybody! It's time to see my ass!
NO WAY MAN
BOO TO THAT
How do you know that a robot's ass is bad?
IT MUST BE
WHY FIND OUT
It just looks like this
Good morning Roast Beef! This is Molly...from the party?
Oh hey Molly I wrote you some code last night after I took
Really?! You did?
Oh my god why did I just say that
I shouldn't have brought that up man what am I doing
Oh uh it's nothin' special It probably doesn't even compile I should probably just delete it
Noo! What's it do?
Go on and tell her Show some stones for once in your life
Oh well uh remember how we were talkin' about how much spare change you can probably find in your house at any one given moment
Yeah! You said you could go out to dinner once a month with it!
Well this applet calculates how much change I'd have around based on annual income and a few spending pattern variables
And then based on that figure it schedules a reservation for us at an appropriate restaurant
I guess what I'm saying is...
Can you be my girlfriend Molly
Lyle, dónde está nuestro VCR normal?
Eso ES nuestro VCR normal! No me molesta!
¡No! ¡No! Nuestro VCR es un , pero este VCR se llama !
¡Señores y Señoras! ..gracias, gracias...¡Ahora! ¡El Gato con el Secreto!
Señor Ray...tienes un gran secreto, es verdad?
Si, si
¡SÉIS MÁS DÓLARES! ¡TODOS! ¡Séis más!
Oh boy! It's Friday! Egg and cheese muffin day!
I'm -
oh NO! I haven't done this since I was a little kid! What's the matter with me?!
What if it's a lifelong problem? I'll have to move out to the desert and be a hermit!
Dear Diary,
You guessed it - last night I peed in my pants again. I guess I could probably just stop writing that part of my day down, as I have been peeing in my pants every night for over seventy years.
Today after I finish yelling at myself I think I will phone the old house and see how many of my friends have died.
Sigh,
Philippe
Where is Ray? I don't believe I've seen the fine fellow in a week or more.
Oh uh he went to live in an earthen-floor cottage in rural England for a while
It's kind of like a penance 'cause he made me go to Disneyland and I just had a nasty old time of it like I told him I would
Ah, a bit of remorse and reflection. Whereabouts?
All I know is that he's livin' in a humble little where soil comes halfway up the walls outside and he has plenty of time to think
I see. How's that going for him?
You can check it out he mailed me some letters
You Beef - Just thought of even more things I forgot to do before leaving - thx!
1. Return Netflix
2. Take out kitchen trash
3. Turn off auto-timer on coffee machine
4. Pay power + utils on You + Molly's unit
You're my D.O.G.G.
I did this. I made this happen.
All my guys, stoned, on the softball field.
Some ain't been stoned since major religious thinkers came out against the diorama...
Some ain't not been stoned.
Some ain't need to be stoned in order to have strange cares.
The robot dressed up his hair like Pete Rose.
That's fine, cause that's okay.
Wassup, prick?
Todd! Find me a job, asshole.
Awright, what'd I land on?
Whoah!
Alright, this one's called "Vodka." What do you think of it?
It's nice, but it's kind of strong.
This one says "Bourbon" on it. Is it different?
Yeah! It's different, but I can't say how.
Okay, that was "Tequila." How does it compare?
WHOO! I am DEFINITELY not afraid of the fucking POLICE right now!
HEY BEEF IT'S BLISTER
Blister god damn it is good to hear from you Man I am so drunk right now
YOU GOTTA COME OVER BEEF I'M IN D-3
Oh man that's right across the hall!
I'VE GOT LIKE SIX OR SOMETHING LADIES OVER
What the heck man I'm pretty lit up May as well try my hand
HEY BEEF THIS IS MOLLY
Aw shucks baby what's up I'm Roast Beef don't you know
Hi Roast Beef, Blister tells me you code too?
Like I was playin a piano
Ha ha! Are you into Java?
I shoot my gun and Java be dancin'
Ray! What are you teaching Philippe?!
Huh? Who? What? I'm in the tub, dude. I got mad suds popping all around me.
Hard to hear you.
He just quoted me a bunch of statistics about "the evils of the liberal agenda!"
Are you saying he can't express his own OPINION?
Whatever happened to the Tenth Amendment, Téodor! I'm shocked at you!
The FIRST amendment is the one about freedom of speech.
The TENTH allows states powers in addition to but not in conflict with those enumerated in the Constitution.
Well listen to you, Mr. Learning Head! Maybe YOU oughta run for office!
I AM! You paid me three hundred bucks to be Philippe's Vice President!
I did?
We went to the ATM together, you dope!
Oh yeah! Say, you're kind of liberal, right? Kind of listenin' to The Cure, and stuff?
That's going to be a problem.
Oh DAMN it! It's like six degrees out here! C'mon, stay lit!
UGH nice work Ray
Beef! What in the hell?!
Those English nerds told me you were out, dude! What's goin' on?
You had to go on a tear dogg You can't just kick three asses and win the Great Outdoor Fight
You...you knew I would fugue if I heard you were down? Dang, Beef! But what about Fauntleroy Brown?
You didn't fugue you were berserk
SOON
Alright so seventeen men besides us still roam the grounds
How come nobody's comin' over here?
Dudes left at this point are savin' you as their final fight
Uh, that kind of brings us to a tricky subject, Beef. Only one man can win this thing, right?
Take me down last
Damn, Beef. I hate to even think of it.
Yeah well I knew what I was gettin' into when I came down here
Always wanted to see the fight from the inside though!
LATER THAT MORNING
Alright looks like the last dude standing is Rudy Cava
Finally. Anything special I should know about this guy?
Dude has seven older sisters who used to put him down and dress him like a girl
Alright, I got just the thing. Check this, Beef.
Oh Rudy! Your hair's a mess, your shirt is dirty, and daddy gets home in ten minutes! If we make you look like his girlfriend, though, maybe he'll be really nice to you! Maybe he'll take you to HIS room!
Where have you guys been?
I just took my homeboy to Disneyland for three days, man! Classic knuckleheads' vacation!
Wow, did you have a good time?
We did not have a good time at Disneyland
Why not?
Don't listen to him. Disney rocked us.
Disneyland was wall to wall five-hundred pound mongoloids with leg tattoos and kids named Desteny
So ungrateful! I bought the dude like seven hats, PLUS a Disney Fantasy Signature, and this is the thanks I get!
Every time we tried to go on a ride the entire cast of Frosting! Th e Musical would trundle in ahead of us and get treats on everything
It wasn't all bad! Remember that one guy who came out to tell us that the Pirates of the Caribbean was broken? He looked kind of like a fat Puerto Rican George Clooney!
And that's a neat concept!
Well there you go a husky Latino with bad news and bedroom eyes was the best part of our vacation and we weren't even a hungover Avon lady in Vegas
The dude had skills. He got me so jazzed, I bought three more hats and a big rubber California.
Dude, I can't just read somethin' and "know" it. I'm one of those guys who learns best by doin'.
That's why I can't come out all guns blazin' on, like, the history of France.
Oh, come on. Everybody at least knows what Bastille Day is.
Actually, that's a great example. Look: I wasn't there bein' all historical, so I'm like, "Bastille Day? There's poop in the river and the peasants are dyin'? Whaaat?"*
You know, I'm not entirely unsympathetic to learning disorders. Perhaps there could be a special school where you play-act historical events in order to be able to remember them.
Now you talkin' with bacon, Pat! Dayum!
Picture me all on some plumed horse in my finery, shootin' a cup outta' a peasant's hand with my wooden pistol as he tries to drink the river water...
I do zees... in ze name of Bastille.
I suppose for an extra fee you could get the entire significance of your chosen topic completely wrong, yes.
Alright, China. You drive a hard bargain. I'll give you the idea for spaghetti, but let the women and children go. I don't care what happens to me.
Jimi, man, wake up. Lay on your side, man. I ain't care if it goes all over the carpet. Just get those reds out, get that nasty old Ripple out.
Oh... oh god man... thanks Ray...
We gonna get omelettes, Jimi. Hot omelettes in the PM. You just rest.
I want to be a comedian! Mr. Bear, how do I come up with my own jokes?
Well, make an initial statement that causes the listener to create an assumption, and then surprise them by making a follow-up statement which proves their assumption wrong.
That's the basic, workaday model with which you'd best begin.
Huh! Okay, how about this...
"They say that eating an apple a day keeps the doctor away ... but throwing it at him works better!"
Not too shabby for a first go! Try again!
"They say that genius is ninety-nine percent perspiration, so I wrote to Stephen Hawking and asked that he never come and sit on any of our couches!"
"I went to a doctor for help getting rid of my athelete's foot, but they just yanked it away and threw me in jail..."
Goodness me, already mining the dark veins in the service of your craft!
"I truly believe that there is somebody out there for everyone ... just standing there ... waiting for the house to go dark..."
Oh my god, tomorrow's rent day!
WAIT! I can have a garage sale! I've got albums, CDs, old cooking stuff, golf clubs, tools, skateboards, amps, good clothes, laser printer paper...
Dang man I saw but you had some signs up let's get this going dogg
Can I read these Trivial Pursuit cards?
This ain't a library two bucks for both boxes
Nooo way, the 1992 Swanevik-Burns Intro to Business Statistics teacher's edition? Outta SIGHT!
Yeah fifteen for both
I do not know if I buy all these stuff. I have a farm and my son does not have a good wife.
Let me go get my friend.
Ninety bucks
Fine, ninety.
Oh wow, an original printout of the 1996 1040-EZ? This the real deal?
Why is obsolete tax paperwork for sale?
Heh, sorry about that. Let me throw it away.
WAIT yeah man ain't never been filed ain't never been filed it's mint A-1
I'm gonna get it right this time, man. Six bucks?
Nine
You got it. And lose the amateur.
A big grumpy M&M sitting in a recliner! This is perfect! I have some friends who are real M&M people.
Two bucks or go
HEY! YOU GUYS GOT ANY SPEED STICK? I GOT A JOB INTERVIEW IN LIKE FIVE MINUTES!
There's a half stick of Arctic Tsunami one buck no budgin'
YOU SAVED MY LIFE, DOOD!
A headband! You know, sometimes I wonder if when you get a headache, a headband could help it go away.
I wonder if Santa Claus knew you'd be a crazy piece of shit when you turned fifty
Alright dogg that's everything
Between the two of us we're at eighteen hundo and change
We made eighteen hundred dollars selling chipped egg cups and gummy scissors to people who squashed the backs of their shoes down with their heels instead of working their heels all the way into their shoes?
The invisible hand of this particular economy may wear a fingerless glove and write checks at the gas station but damned if this money don't have square edges and a certain legal tenderness
Is that a silverfish?
Yeah, Téodor. Just lay your coat on the bed. That Brioni?
Hey man
Wow! Todd! I haven't seen you in a while! Are you fat now?
N-N-No! I'm carryin' Tony H's prison baby, fuckface! 'Course I'm fat! Bein' fat rocks!
Dogg being fat is rough on your triglycerides and metabolism
There was this one interview with Russell Crowe after The Insider where he said that even after losing the weight he put on for that part he-
Like I give a shit, snot-cock! Put a sock in it and pass me another eight hundo!
Damn, man! Todd totally doesn't care that he's fat! Rock on, Todd!
Man that is so Todd
Do inmates really screw stomas?
Beef, you gotta help me!
Did you provoke them?
Naw, man! They read that fake Yahoo personals ad and thought that was my thing!
So what you need an ice pack or something
You gotta hack into Yahoo and delete this ad, Beef!
Hm
Remember that robotic vacuum we saw on TV?
The Roomba Robotic Floor Vac.
One up front and one when the job is done.
Either of you boys know what "please locate the correct USB driver for this device" means?
Yeah, uh, a driver is a small file that tells the computer how to communicate with specific types of hardw--
dude!
Cocktail Recipes peruses his refrigerated garnish shelf in pursuit of an anchovy-stuffed green olive, an ingredient essential to the concotion of a Godless Spaniard. Cocktail Recipes is almost robotic in his desire to make every cocktail perfect. He wears four stars on his lapel.
Awww frick yeah, baby!
This is Captain Todd speakin'! We got clear skies all the way to Frankfurt!
Our current airspeed is 653 MPH and we'll be landin' in six hours' time!
Hey Pete, check it out! You seen how you can fold a twenty to show a picture of the twin towers AND the Pentagon on fire?
Of course
Here's a little two-parter I discovered last summer that I am pretty proud of
Hey! Is this that Queer Eye For The Straight Guy show?
Yeah-It's hilarious!
Man, look at that poor guy! He's like some kinda weed-head Oregon caveman!
Wait till they get finished with him. I saw the previews, It's amazing
You know what?! We oughta do somethin' like this with Roast Beef! I bet he cleans up real well!
Whoah! That's a neat idea, T! Beef could cut a pretty sharp figure if he had some help!
Let's get cameras and stuff and document it!
Maybe we could send it in and get our own makeover show!
We could totally ride the wave!
The first thing we did was get Beef a brand new Power Mac G5!
Dang man it looks like they got Jeff Goldblum writin' the ads AND the OS. Talk about a computer which basically has AIDS.
Damn are those dogs still barking their heads off out there
What's it sound like, Beef.
What the hell are they even saying all this time
They're saying...
HEY HOW ARE YOU
I DON'T KNOW
AIN'T THAT THE TRUTH
LET'S RUN OVER TO THE CORNER
ALRIGHT BUT FIRST I'M GONNA NAIL YOU
OKAY BUT ONLY FOR LIKE A SECOND BECAUSE I HAVE TO PUKE SOME TENNIS BALL PIECES
DOUBLE-SWEET!
OH HEY ARE YOU THE THING THAT CRAPPED BY THE GAS STATION
YEAH DID YOU LIKE THAT
IT MADE A LOT OF SENSE TO ME
Alright, I got the photos from our camera test session back. I haven't looked at them yet.
Okay dude let's have a see
Oh. Wow. Look what it did to me, but it left the bowling ball alone!
Man weren't you holding that thing a lot lower and with both hands
And then we took a picture of me holding your senior portrait?
That one that Molly framed yeah right
I look fantastic! How's this happening?
I look like someone just slammed my He-Man fan fiction where He-Man comes over and asks me how to win at Magic The Gathering
Whoah, look! It's changing!
Oops! I shoulda' let that old lady cross. Shucks, man. Hella bad manners of me.
Alright, I'ma let this goofity-assed PT Cruiser back out. Freshen up my karma a bit.
Jesus, dude, don't take your time or anything. We wouldn't want that. Nobody would want anything like that to happen.
Oh...hey. Listen -
You are an ASSHOLE and a MORON! I am eighty-seven years old, so I should know! I have had SURGERY and I have had SEVEN BABIES so I have seen STUPID done SIX WAYS FROM SUNDAY, but YOU are a bona fide PECKERWOOD!
Dang, man! This old woman got some serious personality chops! We should go out drinkin'!
Ain't nobody in the place would step to me if I was sippin' real with a hot-cuss granny and a fifth 'a Benedictine!
The new bling, all. Liquored-up fogeys sayin' 60-proof history sasses. All flankin' you.
Heh...no, though.
Hey Beef! Come look at this picture of a guy who got killed by a helicopter!
Beef! You hear me?
You busy? I can email it to you. You want that? Ain't no trouble.
Oh...crap. I just checked my membership agreement--they say I can't e-mail the pictures around.
I'll just describe it to you. It's a military dude, and it looks like he's on the deck of an aircraft carrier, and the top half of his helmet is over by what looks like a little wet pile of pink marshmallows, only we know it's not marshmallows because it has an ear. And a sideburn.
In the cool light of the windswept afternoon Colonel D. Allen, of the USS Demeter, kneels by the side of the fallen soldier's...hold on, dude. I'm gonna open up Microsoft Word. Somethin's happenin' here.
What was that!? Who just pulled up?
Ohmigod! It's A-ha! I must have won that raffle!
"A-ha"...ain't that the band that made Chucklebot gay? GHOST!!
Stiv dropped Harry with a fat one to the mug and tossed him behind the couch. He didn't need the kid around for what came next.
A quick knock on the door and Uggs busted in with Thi Nhung, one of their favorites from the strip along the Ho Thien Mau docks.
Thi Nhung's belly was heavy with the cheap green tea they used on nights like this.
You write your own Harry Potter legends TOO?! Can I see? You can read mine!
Nope, sorry kid.
What kind of coffin do you not care the price of?
I cannot begin to guess.
Your own!
Oh! That is truly the limit.
My hat is off to you for that wonderful joke.
Why thank you. How is your mother?
Alright Connie, I need a Todd bio written. You think you got two hundred pages in you?
With bright, spacious typography, "wink-nudge" margins, and pull quotes that run to three pages, such an undertaking could hardly be expected to make the century mark.
Just make it up, dude!
I actually want it to be hella interestin' and sad -- kind of end on a massive heart attack in the gutter sort of note ---
...not just five hundred accounts of Todd gettin' high on brick cleaner and cussin' on the couch.
Very well. What's the occasion? Birthday present for yourself?
Daaamn! Interesting idea! HELL of interesting! "Custom novels where people you hate end up chumped!"
I'd think wealthier clients could afford such labor-intensive vanity purchases.
We doin' this! We Can Do This! Forget about Todd!
Kelly! Give this guy Jagers until he can't say Molecule!
Oh dang man is that Molly
Hey, Beef, can we talk?
Oh uh I um I have this song about to come up on the jukebox
Look, Beef, I can tell you're not really ready for us to get our own place, and I don't want to force you. I'm gonna get a place of my own for a while, though -- I need it.
Oh uh baby um uh are you sure if--
My new roommate's here now, you should meet her. She's the hostess at my Applebee's.
Tina, this is my boyfriend Roast Beef!
Oh no you di'in't!
Hey Pat, you wanna go check out Ray's new brew pub?
That fool opened a brew pub?
Come on, it'll be a good time!
That fool don't know how to open no brew pub
Hello, gentleman! Could I interest you in a fine ale, and perhaps our special half-pound Ahi burger?
We'll have two beers, jackass!
Look Phillipe it just isn't going to work with Todd.
But I--
Hey I know you really like him and all
I like him too
Me and Todd been knuckleheads since old times
But he'll be a liability further on down the road when folks start lookin' into him
What do you mean?
Remember when Todd got put in the newspaper for yellin' at his girlfriend so loud that he had to go to the hospital
Yeah...
...and remember when he made headlines by messin' up his taxes so bad that he almost got lethal injection
Yeah.
So, what are you doing for funs lately, Little Nephew?
Man, I been in chat rooms, just RUINING nerds' lives. You ever try that?
I haf only basic experience.
Dogg I am ruinous; I amaze the knees; the potty runs out of the body.
Okay then! Let us be seeink see your stuff, sparky!
Tonight we out for big game! We hittin' the official Burger King Chat Zone!
Welcome, tha_snazzle! I hope you enjoy our lively forum. We are dedicated to providing a top-tier environment in which to discuss the Burger King experience. I am your volunteer moderator, ÆrosTwiceChastened53.
i never had and angus yet
you
when it comes to the specialty sandwiches, I enjoy them both, but I do prefer the Original :)
do u mean whoper
Yes, the Original Whopper®. That is what I meant.
i have had whoper
Please read the forum F.A.Q. on item nomenclature. It also provides the necessary escape-key sequences for producing special characters, such as ®, Æ, etc.
mcd's pretty good also
)
also pizza
This is your first Onion Offense™, please stay on topic.
pizza?
:)
come on do you like 2 eat pizza
We have been through this with far too many people. I am sorry. This could have been much better than you made it. "Have It Your Way, ®" I guess.
Alright, dudes! What celebrities we gonna have crashin' through the wall of our gay porn set?
Oh uh Gary Sinise definitely That guy is ice
Gary Sinise? Who's that?
He's that dude from Forrest Gump who didn't have no legs
You want a guy in a wheelchair crashin' through a wall, Beef?
He ain't in a wheelchair for real man that was all CGI and stuff
I don't want some nobody in a CGI wheelchair. That ain't got juice, that's just a waste of money.
Think! Who's hot right now...Ellen. Many of the Yankees. That American Idol judge who came from England...that's it! Him! Simon Le Cowell!
It's just Cowell.
Oh dude right he could totally come in and bag on their performance
"Steve, yew moan loyk a wingeing spinsta'. And Ron, t'tell yew the trewth, I was bored from the moment I saw yew."
Huh!
Then.
Yeah, operator? Get me American Idol television program at Fox TV company in probably Los Angeles or New York./ Have them put me through to Simon Le Cowell.
Philippe! Did you use your emergency credit card to sign up for this SmileCash thing?
Well, did you?
Whew! Thanks for all the fingernail schnapps Rudy! Or whatever that was!
Ciao Ray
Damn, that was some potent stuff! I am LUCID!
It's....it's like I'm channeling Einstein! I'm....I'm writing the diagram that's gonna save the world!
NOW ENTERING THREADVILLE
Oh we all gonna answer when the big bell rings
We all got to answer that bell
That big bell gonna come ringin'
And send all the children to Hell
Phew!
I really thought that flower was pregnant!
I mean, it sorta makes sense... all the pollen and stuff, and that birds and bees story...
Hee hee!
Surely you can see how a guy could get confused!
You funny FeeReep! You a real Super-size homo jackass!
You think I'm funny?
You marry a frower and try to have a baby! You a retard!
Ha ha! Yeah, I guess I am a little retarded!
"What's a guy to do!"
I guess that I'm retarded But what's a guy to do-
I like to marry things I find I'm glad that I found you!
This is getting FUCKING BORING!
Hey I got an idea
Why don't we reminisce on things of our childhood
Do you remember such things as hearing that a girl stuffed her bra
Or arguing what a queef was when in private from teachers
I still posit that it is a fake concept
Anybody?
It was also quite astonishing to hear the cusses of 2 Live Crew for the first time
I spent a lot of time thinking about the things that those men said
Mr. Smuckles, a very large check has arrived from BabyBling.com. Is this in order?
Oh, yeah, that's one of my investments. Go ahead and deposit it.
A most intriguing name. May I ask what it is they offer, sir?
Oh, you know. Everything the kicked and krunked new family needs! 5" spinner rims for the stroller, 45-degree leaning carseat, Wu Tang mobile with detachable Ol' Dirty Bastard...
Sounds like an escapement lost a banking pin and got stuck in an infinite loop Either that or a pallet fork disengaged Better go take a look
Always cleanin' up after other folks Even on my one big day off
It... can't explode.
Not only do I not have to tell you my secret recipe, but I also don't have to kill you.
Hawks are amazing birds, but I don't "believe" in them. That's where you run into problems.
Why you dippin' your Mexican Pizza in some sour cream, Téodor? That item is perfect as it stands, it don't need no doctorin' around with.
BUT...
AWWW yeah! Who wants to go to high school... IN MY PANTS!
'Scuse me, T. I got to see a man about a dad.
Are you the Ray who did the speech? I have been asked to take your photograph with the bride and groom.
I... Jesus. Real, real fast, right?
Aw crap, this beer ain't got a twist-off! Now I gotta shame-walk all the way back to the bar!
Perhaps here by this topiary...no...
Wow!
Hell yes you can get a disease just by takin' a bath with a prostitute! Water is basically a genital bridge, boy!
H-H-Huh!
TOLD YOU SO
I'd give ANY-thing to know what they're talkin' about!
You're a robot. I respect that. I just don't want you teachin' in my schools.
Checking... checking... oops! Roast Beef, you blinked again!
I... he... he's leaving! No! NooooOOOOOO!
Well I'll be damned. The 8-cup KitchenAid DOESN'T come with the dough hook attachment.
Why in hell'd these kids register for such a sassafras doodad?
In my case, I expect the groom felt it presoomin' to put too fine of things on their bill of public dowry.
Amateur hour, is what it amounts to.
You register for machinery, you come all the way or not at all.
Aye, 'tis agreed.
I'm talkin' the Pro 610. Bowl-lift. Six quarts. Six *hundred* watts. None of this tilt-head flutter-mill nonsense.
This little thing is only gonna piss his old lady off. Damn 8-cup KitchenAid just *stinks* of compromise.
Ought we then to ask Janelle if it is the done thing in this day to up-grade items on a couple's bill of public dowry?
Man, I already embarrassed myself in front of that girl. You ask.
I cannot, for I, too, showed the back of my temper's wicked hand to the innocent lass.
Crap. It just kills me to get them somethin' that can't even mix the staff of life.
As it does me, sahrr. As it does me.
Huh well look at that they got magazine ads for breast implants these days
I wonder if Molly would ever get some of these I mean that would probably rock on the whole
Beef? Baby? I died. I died because of your perversion.
I was someone. I had a real life. I had Christmas morning memories that filled my heart with joy.
I was just as much a person as you are.
And you know what? I just wanted to watch my shows on channel eight at night and have fun growing old with you.
But you needed me to have rubber boobs. Because you're a man. Because you think women are like little Mister Potato Heads that you can marry. Wel, now I'm Mrs. Potato Breasts, and I'm married to God.
"See, Lyle, all his life Rustmouth was the quintessential bluesman. Absolutely everything he did was touched by bad luck. He was blessed by that bad luck, in a way. But then along came Silent Bird Wallace and suddenly Rustmouth wasn't the unluckiest man alive any more. Just his luck."
Oh you knowww, you knowww. Dem bills. Dey was greas'd. And so low. On down low. I did fell.
So you're the one who wrote "So Many Whales"! I can't believe it! What else did you write?
Perhaps you remember "the Mayor of Banana Town" or the "Oscar" series?
You're kidding! I had those too! I loved them!
Well, I must say it's a pleasure to meet a fan of my early work.
Are you still writing children's books?
After the Oscar series, my stories sort of lost focus for a while...
"Chug-A-Lug" a picture of a boss-eyed cartoon train with a cap, subtitled "The Train Who Drank".
Allow me to introduce my new invention, the "cumbrella."
It's for keeping the cum off you when you walk down the street!
That's the stupidest thing I've ever seen!
The only reason anybody would need one is if people jerked off out the window all the time!
That's why I've written a new book!
Jesus, why was he being so weird about this video?
Whoah! "Oskar und Reiner's Schvitz Party"? How did this get in the case?
I wonder what this stuff is like, anyway...I'd better watch it in my room...
No. I should be confident enough in my sexuality that I can watch this in front of people. Besides, I can just tell the truth: it was in a DVD I borrowed from Ray.
Téodor, how do you say "potatoes"?
--oh my goodness! Is this...the olympics?
I--No! It's Superman! He's having a really bad day! Don't look!
Superman wouldn't wear a police hat in the shower! Applesauce!
Where's my...DAMN! I forgot my room key!
Man, I wouldn't know how to buy a coat in Germany even if I HADN'T spent all my euros on soda.
...I'd probably just wind up makin' a damn fool of myself again
I got a new game for the Playstation. I'm gonna pop it in.
What is it?
I had to order it from Japan--cost me forty bucks!
Oh man! You got us Urine cop!
Whoah, can't Todd read?
I don't think so. Why?
Check this out!
Suckin' Dick Bought This Van
Good morning, young 'suh! My name is Marion Adonis Culpepper, and I believe we are of relation.
What's up, Yankee Doodle.
Forsooth! How dare you besmirch me with that GRIEVOUS appellation!
Draw your weapon at once!
I demand my Satisfaction.
N-No! No! Don't shoot! P-Please!
I...I didn't mean it!
Dear boy! I would not fire upon a child of my own kin!
Your pusillanimous instincts do gravely imply, however, that you have not received schooling in the gentlemanly arts!
Sir, your journey from this mortal coil shall be hastened by the hand of Dixie!
Most exemplary!
...so I was like look, it's bad enough I work in a purse factory - but now you're gonna FIRE me?!
Then I gotta wait in line for unemployment - boy was THAT a hassle!
When I get to the front they're all outta forms in English so I gotta use the SPANISH ones!
Sheesh! Meanwhile they tell me my mom's condition is gettin' worse and that she's gonna need live-in help!
Oh my god
Barry's a complainer. How do these guys always find me
Here I am all hangin' out by myself. He offers me a beer. Acts interested in me.
Anyhow, next thing I know the cops are there and I'm gettin' DEPORTED!
Listen, I ain't back in the States legally yet... It's cool if I can crash at your place for a few, right?
What kind of wedding would you want if you ever got married, Beef?
Oh uh I think you got me confused with somebody else who is actually appealing to a lady and would ever have a future which is basically not defined by extreme silence
Oh come on now. We all got our ideas.
Well
Shucks man I always thought it'd be some kind of green card type deal
Like maybe she is completely all Chinese and stuff
I could kind of help her out getting started it America
Provide her a nice place to live and such before she gets her business degree and moves on
Your idea of love is to help a Chinese lady get an MBA so she can dump you?
That's what I see when I close my eyes yeah
Um hello Ray this is Peter Cropes
..Nice Pete? Oh, uh...how you doin'?
Well good Ray um the reason that I am calling is very plain
I want to thank you for saving my life and I have an idea I think you might like
Oh! Okay, sure! I'd love to hear your idea! You know how I am!
Well as you may know I am rewriting the bible
Soon
In the beginning, Ray, Ray of Light, Reigning King of Men, bathes his face in the lavender-soaked towel that the moistened virgin held out for him. A ring of apes, chained in place around his bed, sat hunkered, heads down, in absolute obeisance.
Todd! What's with the foil helmet?
N-n-not now, Téodor! Not now!
What is wrong with Todd?
He won't say.
You keepin' the voices out, Todd?
Blister's readin' my mind!
EEEAUGH!
What?! What is it?
Now he says he's readin' my e-mail, too!
MEANWHILE
And what may we bring you this evening, sir?
Yes... I believe I will start with the Consommé a la Bohémienne.
Very good.
Followed by the Quenelle de Foie Gras.
Mm hmm.
And for the fish course, the Turbot à la Meuniere.
Very well, sir. And for the entree?
Ah yes. I was thinking about the Tournedos Bordelaise.
They are excellent to-night, sir. And to drink?
Let's see... let's breathe a bin 281 for the meats but start off with the Jouët.
Hey HABIB! HEY! I'm gonna microwave this Slim Jim, ALRIGHT?!
Hey Téodor, I heard your lady friend was comin' into town!
Yeah, hopefully tonight.
Izzat why your hair's all done up fancy?
...does it remind you of anyone?
Yeah! It looks just like Archie! You look frikkin' awesome!
Really? You could tell right away?
There's no better haircut you could have if you was after the babes!
Hm. Do you think it might be TOO awesome?
Your reply might have gone to my "Junk" mail folder? How do you mean?
Your email service examines your incoming mail, and if it contains spam keywords, it puts it in a junk folder. It's usually pretty accurate.
Good heavens! What if my junk folder is filled with actual correspondence?
Come over and enter your password. I won't look.
FROM:XWQKR
gET tHE K$oCK U alway's NEEDED!!!! kliq here, PAL.
FROM:Maria_v
Cornelius Bear? - found your billfold in park
FROM:Maria_v
Cornelius - Googled you again - love your blog!
FROM:Maria_v
I must have read the entir  thing...captivating...such feeling, such laughter, suc  tragedy...my own long life seems to mirror your own
FROM:Maria_v
Can't stop thinking about you
FROM:Maria_v
You're a Rostropovich fan! Missed that the first time through
FROM:Maria_v
Spare Rostropovich ticket - join me?
FROM:Maria_v
Will be on symphony steps, holding single rose...please do come...
:KPIX News
Belgian ambassador, Miss Belgium 1974 Maria Von Stutz throws self under bus following cello concert
M:KPIX News
UPDATE...World's tallest puppy goes down world  tallest slide...developing
Dirty Sanchez all the way!
oh man dogg old high school terms such as Dirty Sanchez and Cleveland Steamer, also Donkey Punch
man so excellent
Don't 4get the Blumpkin!
Oh man I have this .txt file of a bunch of new terms I came up with over the past couple years just in spare time
No $hit?
along such lines as the Livid Pedro and the Minnesota Timeline
The Livid Pedro: (n) When the boy has had too much tequila and he is just FURIOUS
Is that sexxy tho
The Minnesota Timeline: (n) When you see the same lady in two completely different internet photo sets and you notice that she has the same shoes on
O.K. I can kind of see that 1/2$
Any others
Yeah hold on
The Kilty Monroe: (n) This is when a Scottish man walks over a steam grate and the hot air blows his kilt up to reveal his blood pudding
Man why would you even write something like that
look this ain't the magna carta dude it is just a .txt file
Why did you think of that though
Why would you think of that
I thanked Ray and Philippe for using their time machine to bring me the wonders of their modern world:
Well, we gotta take. Philippe starts school tomorrow!
The Ketel One vodka was a great improvement upon the vodkas I had sampled while abroad;
I left a handle in the icebox for you.
...and the angry young "talking singer" Eminem reminds me of the many ways of Tom and Huck.
I do hope this glimpse into the future will help inform my novels with provocative and lasting ideas.
Dogg! It's good to see you!
yeah uh you too Ray you too
Man, has it been a while!
So... uh...
...so I guess now there is just the small matter of the materials we discussed?
Huh? Oh! Right! The porno!
Well I'll be! It looks like someone taped over it! Oh well! Who wants a drink?
!
Roast Beef! Wait! Nooo!
Hey! Is this that Queer Eye For The Straight Guy show?
Yeah-It's hilarious!
Man, look at that poor guy! He's like some kinda weed-head Oregon caveman!
Wait 'til they get finished with him. I saw the previews, It's amazing.
You know what?! We oughta do somethin' like this with Roast Beef! I bet he cleans up real well!
Whoah! That's a neat idea, T! Beef could cut a pretty sharp figure if he had some help!
Let's get cameras and stuff and document it!
Maybe we could send it in and get our own makeover show!
We could totally ride the wave!
The first thing we did was get Beef a brand new Power Mac G5!
Dang man it looks like they got Jeff Goldblum writin' the ads AND the OS
Talk about a computer which basically has AIDS
Penny_in_a_fountain thinks we should meet! She says I'm "funny"!
Where does she live?
Las Vegas.
Vegas?
There's that old car in the garage. What do you say?
I've got Vivarin and a pistol! Let's go!
I'll tell her we're on our way.
CONTINUED
What's with that car door slamming so hard?
Mark McGwire! No wonder!
PHILIPPE? PHILIPPE? DID YOU PICK THE STATE FLOWER YESTERDAY?
IT DOESN'T MATTER IF WHEN YOU FOUND IT IT ALREADY HAD SORT OF A BENT STEM! WHAT YOU DID IS STILL A CRIME!
Then he just stormed off!
B–But Uncle Ray! You made an album!
Yeah, and that was actual real music! You, you just yellin' to some beatbox, sayin' that algebra is gay!
I'm just responding to the times, Uncle Ray! This is stuff that's on everybody's mind!
Yeah, in the third grade, maybe! And you shouldn't even be usin' language like this at your age!
Oh come on! That's the language of the hard streets!
"If a number can't come real/ Then I don't need that stumper/ The concept of the variable/ can take it in the dumper."
Ray, this is Pat. I need you to come over and sample my new trail mix recipe. I'll expect you in five minutes.
Not today, man. Fuck you.
Excuse me, sir. Can you spare a moment to talk about the life of Jesus Christ?
Sorry, fella. Fuck you.
Yeah, I'd like Meal #2 with a Sprite.
Would you like a slice of Strawberry Cheesecake with that?
No. Fuck you.
Naw, I ain't want to respond to a survey about time share properties. Fuck you.
Hey, everybody! Ray Smuckles here on a beautiful Fuck You Friday! That's right, take old Fuck You out for a spin today. You'll be glad you did!
Oh boy! Are we having cracked crab for dinner tonight, Lyle!
Yep, just gotta cook 'em and clean 'em.
My favorite!
Goodnight, you Prince of the Pacific - you King of the Coast.
Cracked crab dance! Cracked crab dance!
Oop! There goes his soul! Crap! You're not supposed to let it escape!
Bye Bye Phillipe It was cool knowing you
Crab! Crab! Did you want to be friends?!
Kind of if that's OK
Okay, Todd. I did a little protoyping after we chatted last night, and I branched out our Ana-Tomix concept a bit.
Frikkin' c-c-cool!
Now, what's one thing everybody's has? A cell phone.
Yet you can't buy fake nuts for your phone no matter how hard you try.
Go ahead, Todd. Try.
Huh?
Try to buy fake nuts for your phone.
Okay
AAAUGH! I d-don't know how!
Not anymore.
Showbiz this is my wedding we're talking about not some apartment party where you sit around drinking Mexican brain detergent !
Oh, so I just got to sit around and listen to a ceremony and get bored? Thanks a lot, Beef! Real fun time! I'm gonna bring my friend Ricky. I don't really like him, but he's always greened up.
This wedding isn't about you you dickhead and if you fuck it up I will personally walk down from the altar and hit you with a folding chair in between "I" and "do"
AND THEN INSTEAD OF A FIRST DANCE I WILL BEAT YOU WITH A FOLDING CHAIR WHILE THE DJ PLAYS "FOOLS RUSH IN" !
the crushing silence of non-production.
Alright, you want a beer or anything? Help yourself - I put some Coronas in the mini-fridge before I left.
boobies
Dude, "A," the Airwolf cockpit has one-way glass...
...and "B," you need to calm down. We'll find Philippe using Airwolf, don't worry.
I'll lay into the beer once you tell me how we're going to use this helicopter to find Philippe.
Seriously? You pronounce it "heela-copter"? Everyone I know says "hella-copter."
I don't want to do this right now! How are we gonna find him?!
Easy, dude. I was readin' the instruction manual while you were takin' your time climbin' the rope ladder to the heela-copter.
We just tell his species to the on-board computer and Airwolf uses its on-board spectra-sonic rays to locate objects with his specific density and size.
AIRWOLF! FIND...AN OTTER!
F1
Alright, good news. Philippe's floatin' in a cooler about two hundred yards offshore.
Now I just got to toggle through some commands here...man, this interface is terrible! I feel like I'm tryin' to set the time on a cheap oven!
Man, this ain't right, Beef. I been thinkin'.
Two old knuckleheads swillin' Christian Brothers all last dudes standin' at the Great Outdoor Fight
If this was any more right you would be Liv Tyler
Man, you ran my whole show. You just wound me up and set me down, B.
This ain't my victory.
If it wasn't for you, rats would probably be eatin' my head in a dumpster somewhere!
Well if it wasn't for you I'd die never knowin' the Fight
The hell listen to you two
Oh my god
Tall and lean Sharp and clean
With him there's no inbetween
It's--
D...Dad?
Well who's ready for some roasted-up ding dong!
Is that seriously all you made?
Basically yes
Ha ha! You have to have vegetables and starch and stuff! This isn't a complete meal!
Oh I was all nervous Molly
See! That's why women are good for men. We help fill in the blanks.
If you're so good for men then figure out what to do with this poor little guy
Well, he looks like he could probably use an apology!
I'm sorry little dude
Mmm! Damn, these are tasty! Hey Pat, try some of these!
I don't dig on Craisins, man.
These little things are called Craisins? Daaamn!
Whoah! Is that...
There's a broad at this party!
Hey babe, want to fool around?
Does the pope drop a deuce in a wooden room?!
Mute the TV, sugar brains. I'll go get a blanket.
Woman we ain't need some blanket! I ain't gonna see none of it happen!
SOON.
Oh crap outta practice gonna cash my ticket too soon no no no no no we just started dammit
Time to bring on the ugly thoughts
A...a kid hits a terrible baseball shot in the big game... no...
...dammit...usually I got a million of these...
Maybe there's somethin' awful on the News...
Oh my god. Beef spends all afternoon making this mix tape for his guest day at Ray's gym, and then he forgets it on the kitchen table.
Heh! Check it out, Beef - we're behind one of those dudes who messes with the letters on his Toyota!
"OYO." I see that one a lot. What's he even tryin' to get across?
Hello, is this Ray Smuckles?
Look, I ain't interested in no Capital One card.
Sir, this is the Achewood City sheriff's department calling again.
As I told you earlier, we've received charges that you hired a known sex offender to mutilate his body in front of several children.
Yeah, uh, I didn't do that. I'm more of a "rent a pony" kind of guy.
Listen, put Captain B on the line.
B? Yeah, it's Ray, man! Ha ha! No, no, I ain't callin' to back outta the tournament! Yeah, I'm still in for my full pledge! Hope you boys don't blow it all on new Pings!
Oh, listen man, do me a quick favor and erase all history of crimes I have committed recently.
Cool, thanks. Say, B, how you set for wheels these days? I got one of those new Hummers but it's hell on my lumbar.
Nice. That'll be a fun car for B Junior to have at college. You're a good dad, Bill.
Roast Beef! Help! The computer went all in black and white! HELP!
Calm down Ray
Yeah! Yeah! I did! I put in one called "Photoshop"! Is that bad? Is that a pretty bad program?
No it's pretty decent
That always conflicts with this one Windows .dll
Holy crud, man! This is ridiculous! I just wanted to make a card for Little Nephew!
THAT EVENING
So anyway, I had to delete something called the "Adobe Gamma Loader.exe"? Apparently that thing totally sucks!
Huh! I'll watch out for it.
I tell you Lyle. When I was younger, I could do anything with a computer. I could turn it on, make it list the files that it had...
...I could even make it write my name on the screen while the background flashed! If I did somethin' like that today, why... why...
You ever heard of "Asleep Style"?
What do you mean
It's like a sex position. But it's also kind of like a sex concept.
Can't say I read too much about folks gettin' it on Asleep Style no
The idea is that you ask the lady to wait until you're good and sound asleep... and then get it on with you real careful so you don't wake up. I had Tina try it on me.
Did it work
Who knows, man. Who knows.
The truck driver felt bad about what he was doing, but at the same time was glad no-one was bothering him, for what he was doing was a crime.
This is no way to treat a man. What did you say?
I said that growing up wealthy, you probably should not listen to and promote music that is about a rough life, because it seems insincere. Like you just want money, or that you think poor people are hilarious.
You sayin' I ain't legit? Let's remember who gave who a tiny bottle of Cuervo and some damn sugar powder.
I'm glad you mention that, this "legit" concept. What does that mean? From what I see, "legit" means you have a big hat and fake teeth. Do all rappers take their inspiration from wanting to be like George Washington, the founding father of our country and first President?
No, almost none. There are these players outta Boston, callin' themselves TriQuorn, 'cause they wear those tri-corn hats like from old times, but mainly they do it out of -- hey, man. I got no business tellin' you this. I'm still in talks with these guys.
What kind of leggings.
What?
What kind of leggings do they wear. Silk breeches and all that?
They wear Diesel. It's not like a historical rapping society or anything, they just have the hats, with red bandannas tied real tight underneath.
If they don't rap about history, aren't they doomed to repeat it?
I don't even know what you're on about. Let's change the subject.
Okay, good. I have another subject. Do you want to know what it is?
Getting me a real drink now that I've gotten this one past the gatekeeper?
Oh, all right. I will get you buzzed so you can talk about yourself.
These ain't even cold, and plus MGD is VERY terrible.
You just drank a shot of Cuervo with Sunny Delight concentrate in it. How can you judge this beer now.
Jsut sayin'. So anyhow, what else did you want to cover? I write a lot of music, guide a lot of small businesses, paint...
Do you like to cook.
Of COURSE I like to cook! Next question!
Actually I think we're about out of time.
Okay, cool. You want to shoot some pool or something?
Oh nice let's go.
This interview is ovah'.
Yo, T! Beef's proposin' to Molly!
No, not yet. But we kind of had a little talk. You could see the dude steel up. He knew it was time.
Seriously man. Four years, dude. They had their downs. They had their move-outs and ugly public fights. Those cats are cosmic like end of days. Time to execute!
Heh, no kiddin'. So, I'm tryin' to plan a honeymoon they'd like, but I got a bad case of player's block.
Well, like, you know Beef. He gonna feel like an egg in a bag in Monaco or Antibes.
How about an RV and an all-expenses-paid minigolf tour of the fifty states?
Damn. Wow. If you put Sodium Pentothal under Beef's eyelids and electrocuted him pretty hard, he'd ask for exactly that.
You have connected with the Smuckles residence-
Uh, yeah... is Ray all up in there?
I am afraid the master of the house is indisposed at the moment!
Could you tell that jellyhead that he still ain't erturned my Dolce and Gabbanas like he SAID he would?
I most certainly shall. And whom may I say has rung, you sweet songbird?
Awww, you ain't gotta be all like that!
I'm... I'm Tina, who's this?
Miss Tina! I fear I shall be unfit to operate this vessel if plied with another of your scrumptious Jell-O shots!
Then why don't you drop anchor, handsome?
ooohhhhhh mmmmman I am whizzin' real good now
aw crud man
Yeah um what is it this is Roast Beef
What are you snickerin' about Ray
What do you mean you can always hear it in my voice
Well yes then if you really must know it was actually goin' pretty well thank you
Oh boy! My mom sent me an I Am Capable Of Wonderful Things doll!
Hello. I am a small baby. My name is Llewellyn Ash. How do you do.
You're welcome!
What activities do you enjoy? As I am a baby, I ask that you simply wave your finger gaily before my eyes.
This is fantastic. Remember, no solid foods. I cannot eat a carrot for several years. Write that down and read it back to me.
Ahem. Baby Llewellyn cannot eat a carrot for several years.
Do you want to dress me as a duck, or perhaps a tiny jester? People would enjoy seeing that. It's your call. Such costumes are inexpensive.
Superb. Please place my pacifier in my mouth for three seconds. It is orange-flavored. This calms me.
One...two...three...
Marvelous. I trust you will want to change my diaper and wave it under my nose now. My bowels can produce nothing more substantial than a thin, coffee-like substance at this point, so the experience should not be too degrading for either of us.
Is this okay?
My sensory calibration is complete. I am Llewellyn Ash, and I am your baby.
The Philippe Times  Back Page: Around the World...With Facts!  Vol 7 No. 10
Friday Facts!
WORLD FACTS!
NEVER let a youth gang make fun of an older Chinese man on his way home at night. NEVER, EVER let them knock his hat off. I cried when I saw this.
A boy from another land thinks about America.
Check it out, Téodor! I bought some old-fashioned porno on eBay! Ain't it neat?
This is an original daguerreotype, Ray! How much did you pay for it?!
Like $5.99! I was the only bidder!
We've got to get this on Antiques Roadshow! This is incredible!
Mr. Smuckles, what you have here is an absolutely fabulous example of early photographic erotica.
Thank you. That is always nice to hear.
That it bears an 1839 stamp from the Carl Dauthendey Studio may well prove it to be the first piece of photographic erotica ever produced. Have you any idea as to its value? Any idea at all?
Well, I figure that since the lady is about to get spanked it might be worth more to certain--
Mr. Smuckles, I estimate that at auction this piece would fetch over six hundred million dollars.
Ray, you old punter! How's about a fag for your old mate?
Huh?
Since when do you smoke, Phillipe? And what happened to your regular, non-ridiculous pants?
Are you saying that my pants are ridiculous? The only thing ridiculous around here is what you're gonna look like when I cut your trolley off!
My "trolley"?
You know! Your cabbages and cod!
What?
Your nose and spectacles, man! Your balls and pencil!
My pencil?
Your Cain and Abels?
No...
Your Peter, Paul and Larry?
No! No! I'm sorry! None of those terms mean anything to me!
Now that my little Philippe is five, it is time for him to begin his education. Would you please give him one of these fun little books each day, and go over it with him each night?
Oh my God...Jack Chick tracts? I haven't seen these since high school...
I can't give him this stuff...but what do I do if his mom calls? She might yank him from here and have him sent someplace more...even worse...
I'll mix in little comic tracts that look like these, and at least that way he'll be able to choose from a variety of ideas.
Dude! Remember how I don't know German?
Who could forget?
Get this! I been learnin' German by watchin' German porno, man!
Alright, let me quiz you.
Daaaaamn
Answer this: "Can you tell me when the next train to the community center is?"
Huh. Okay..."How is the economy lately?"
Doorbell! Gotta go.
Check it out Téodor I found some old promotional photos of Pat's dad Simon in my boxes
See how much they look like each other
Wow. It's uncanny!
They used to do this act called Dreamwheel And The Child
Oh cool here's their show flier
What's the deal with his Dad? How come we never hear about him?
Oh uh when Simon came out of the closet Pat did not handle it well I mean he was so furious he made him move to Portland
How do you make your Dad move to Portland?
Pat shipped all his stuff there and rented him an apartment
I mean Pat was like extraordinarily mad
Simon is kind of a soft soul so he just went with it figuring things would get better in time
Well, if these magic camera photos of the true Pat mean anything, he's in massive self-denial about being just like his dad.
Dude do you think we should show him the pictures ?
He'd just say we Photoshopped them, and that we were huge jerks.
Huh yeah you're right this is actually a pretty typical thing to do in Photoshop I mean I think they even finally added a special filter
Maybe we could get him into situations that encourage him to come out of the closet?
You mean like hold a false Thanksgiving ?
I mean like invite his dad down so they can have it out. One big breakthrough might set another in motion, you know?
Hi Simon this is Roast Beef from the neighborhood !
Oh heh no I ain't been doin' much Logo codin' these days I mean like the turtle just sits there and he is totally glarin' at me !
Well my Pascal has basically changed into crud I mean a crab on the beach has it as a big hot meal instead of a dead tern nearby
Waterbury! Come in here!
Good morning, Mr. Smuckles, sir.
How come I'm wearin' kneepads and a helmet?!
I discovered that you are a bit of a somnambulist, sir. It was for your own protection.
You mean I was sleepwalkin'?
Precisely, sir.
Well I'll be damned! Thanks for catchin' me! I coulda really hurt myself!
Not as much. It seems, sir, that you are also something of a somn-onanist.
I...I ain't entirely sure what that means, but I think we're done talkin' about this, Waterbury.
Very good, sir.
Oh hey Téodor that is a boss new machine dogg. Did you build it yourself like a straight player.
Sure did! 2.8GHz Pentium 4 with 800MHz frontside bus, 12X DVD+-R, over a gig of DDR RAM... take it for a spin!
Oh dang dogg this machine is chubby
Oh Jesus please tell me Photoshop didn't just launch in under four seconds. Please lord have mercy on this one man's soul.
Look at them, wastin' all their time playin' on the computer!
Come on Lazarus, let's go catch up with CNN Financial and get us a little dinner!
Perfect.
Yeah, Ozuma Sushi? Listen, we need two Beef Teriyaki dinners at 11 Via Verde! The money is under a rock in the front yard and you will be fighting the Kama Sushi deliveryman for it.
I don't like fighting either. Get there first.
Dude, what time is it?
It's five AM, chochacho! You ready to gruzzle down some cheese omelettes, or you want to watch Braveheart again first?
Oh, crap. I was supposed to tuck Philippe in tonight. I'm the only one at the house right now.
Duuuude! Philippe is fine! He probably just fell asleep exactly wherever he was standing at 8:30!
I wish. If someone doesn't tuck him in and read him a few chapters of Rock Star Soccer Robot 9, he won't go to sleep.
Alright! Choice is yours. Totally asleep alive kid, or fontina omelettes with a hundred dollar bill put next to the plate at a forty-five degree angle.
Heyo! Ray Smuckles here! Who's callin'?
This Japan Man. I see you not stop you joint company.
You make big mistake, Ray Smuckel.
Oh, hey JM! Listen, I wanted to talk to you about that photo you took of me on the can.
I sneak in you house take photo.
Impossible hide from me.
I'm talkin' about your choice of setting.
I did several other photographable things that day, including rinse off grapes and look at a book I have.
Why you chose to watch me during toilet time says a lot about you!
You sit there two hour. Japan man not have all day wait around hope you get up wash grapes.
Yes it unfortunate I show up when I do but you implication that just because I Japanese I like watch toilet activity very racist and bad.
Japan Man come this country work very hard start own business. He start with nothing. He buy car but he get burned; car not have good engine.
Now rich businessman try put Japan Man out of business. Japan Man think maybe American dream dead after all. He see writing on wall.
I tell you more but now I go hand roll joint all night long keep up you fancy rolling machine. You familiar story of poor John Henry I sure.
Check it out, Téodor! I bought some old-fashioned porno on eBay! Ain't it neat?
This is an original daguerreotype, Ray! How much did you pay for it?!
Like $5.99! I was the only bidder!
We've got to get this on Antiques Roadshow! This is incredible!
Mr. Smuckles, what you have here is an absolutely fabulous example of early photographic erotica.
Thank you. That is always nice to hear.
That it bears an 1839 stamp from thh Carl Dauthendey Studio may well prove it to be the first piece of photographic erotica ever produced.
Have you any idea as to its value? Any idea at all?
Well, I figure that since the lady is about to get spanked it might be worth more to certain-
Mr. Smuckles, I estimate that at auction this piece would fetch over six hundred million dollars.
Jeez, Philippe. You look like death warmed over. Have you not been sleeping?
Can you peek at my newest ideas? I...I'm gonna...I'll be right back.
This...this doesn't even... even by Sharper Image standards...doesn't...
Okay...think. Common household or lifestyle problem "solved" with low amperage or ethno-mentional unitasker...
"Sands of India Ball Peen Snow Globe Cheese Hammer" no... NO...
Waltz of the Magyars Birthday Omelette Suggestion Pan!
-PRIVATE BRAINSTORM for RAYMALL 2.0-
Sorry massive little man, but this is how the game is played...
Hello, Ellen. My name is Cornelius Bear.
Well, I'm afraid I'm calling to decline membership in Mensa.
Of course. A friend of mine--Raymond Smuckles--is a member of Mensa, and he seems to have "invited" me to your club.
Yes, Mr. Smuckles is a very intelligent person.
No, I would not like to release that quote for use in your official literature.
Well, I'm declining because, frankly, I have no use for the benefits of membership.
Yes, I know who Poe was. Yes, I know who "invented" McDonald's - the McDonald brothers and Ray Kroc. I... what's that, now?
Of course I know a synonym for "sad"!
Disconsolate. Lugubrious.
No, I was not aware that I qualified to be a member of Mensa's Distinguished Minds lecture circuit.
I...my, that is indeed a generous remuneration schedule.
The lectures are already prepared, you say?
SOON.
Did you know that soil is a fabulous substance? Soil is actually much different from what you or I might imagine! Soil is a befitting subject for philosophy, for we come from it, and we return to it. Join me, Cornelius Bear, as we journey into the mysteries of...
Listen here now, little mister! You ain't gettin' NO pizza so long as you walkin' around lookin' like Gay KISS!
... a homo says what three times, dear Uncle?
What? What? WHAT?
Oh, damnit. Hold on a second now! That ain't funny!
... sadly, I must agree.
Fine then! Two can play at this game!
All-RIGHT! Let's get us on down to that graveyard and hella start munchin' on some skeleton bones!
I found some old Thompson Twins tapes that we can use to listen to!
Hee hee man oh unbelievable! This one comes in up to a D-cup. Man that is so big!
I've seen bigger! My cousin knew this girl in Canada who had J-cups!
Oh my god unbelievable!
Corliss? CORLISS! You in here?
Darryl?!
Oh crud Ray a guy is here to visit my mom we got to get scarce!
Cori! I heard we had twins! Where are they?
Darryl! How'd you get out of prison, you bastard!
What the fuck do you care! Where are my boys!
I killed them with a brick! Everything about you should die!
YOU LYING BITCH! WHERE ARE THEY?
Get out or I'll shoot!
TRY ME, BITCH! You don't know how to fire that-
Um...uh...it's OK, dude! Listen, I was just makin' up about those J-cups! I was just tryin' to impress you! Beef? Beef?
Roast Beef! Oh my gosh! I'm so glad that you're back!
Oh uh why hello Molly
Guess who stopped by the Duty Free and picked up his 'n' hers copies of the new Wired!
Oh cool! You're so thoughtful!
There's this neat articles about information-poor interfaces. Oh and there's a humor essay by a writer from that McSweeney's whatever it is. It's kind of self aware and overwrought but it's better than most of the ads.
Ha ha! Did you ever notice how McSweeney's kind of approaches humor with a lab coat and a pair of tweezers?
Hee hee yeah they really are uncomfortable around the stuff.
It's like they don't know where they belong given all the writing that's come before them, so they just rip off old New Yorker pieces!
I know it's like they're playing among the ruins of a once-great literary culture that is no longer relevant and struggles for justification!
Beef! Come on over, dude! We rallyin' for your bachelor party!
Dang man and but don't I need a good time
Yo yo, T! You ready to get on up in the Roast Beef bachelor party train?
What? What in hell you mean you guys ain't on speakin' terms?!
Yo Connie, come on down for the Roast Beef bachelor party! It's gonna be off the-
Huh? What? Fool, don't get arthroscopic surgery tonight!
YOU HAVE REACHED EMERIL LEGOINEGASQUE AND ROBERT L. DANE. WE ARE AWAY THIS WEEK AT THE CALGARY R/C HELICOPTER EXPO.
IF YOU ARE CALLING ABOUT THE R/C HELICOPTER, IT IS NO LONGER FOR SALE.
My mom just called, dude. I got to pick her up at the airport. Back in fifty, cool?
Oh yeah dogg just let me at the bar I'm gonna tinker with myself 'til I say only promises
This is MY bachelor party and I am gonna get WRECKED UP!
It is DUDE'S DELIGHT!
HIGHWAY 101 IS BLOCKED IN BOTH DIRECTIONS DUE TO AN OVERTURNED BIG RIG CARRYING HAZARDOUS MATERIALS. THE HIGHWAY PATROL ESTIMATES SIX TO TEN HOURS UNTIL THE ROAD IS CLEARED.
Oh CRAP I got to call Beef!
Oh DAMMIT my cell phone is dead! WHY I don't never charge my damn cell phone? WHY must I live like a fool?!
Oh hee hee already some pee in front of the toilet man this party is gonna be off the hook
Oh god and I been in Antibes all month I ain't even got a single beverage for that guy to lever into...
Let's see what Ray's got in the fridge to get this party started
Oh damn he ain't moved his humectants to the cooler in the garage yet
Talk about fresh!
What should he do? A good writer would know this.
Ha ha!
Siiick!
Huh? What's this?
Just open it dude
Weird. Is he ... arresting me?
Is this a ... "Friends' Arrest"?
Oh! Our "cards for guys" idea from yesterday! Man, did this throw me.
My fight-or-flight was racin' but it could put together NO conclusion about what was happenin' here.
Right I figure this is basically the only card I even need to have in my Dude-to-Dude card line because no guy will ever get used to getting a card from another guy
And since you don't sign it dudes can pass these cards around for generations which is nice
No, they got to sign it, 'cause you need 'em buyin' new ones.
Oh good point but uh I mean maybe they don't sign the card in the conventional manner since that is like way too baring of the emotions
Ahem! Listen to me boy!
Dear Srs Sanders, your "bra" had me so deceived by my wife's once-toom bosoms, that in an uguarded moment, I paid her a compliment.
I have never before now experienced such a romp on the ticking as what occured thereafter. I fear I may pay her another compliment! Yn Duw, Cwynn Cleddoc.
In a post-script he places an order for another bra, this time in "dark colours"! Tell me, dear Charley, what other ideas yawn in yer fertile brain?
Well, honest, man, the toilet scene in history is straight bodankey. You all got fine hats but you poop in a bowl in the room where you sleep?
What of it? Name me a finer solution!
Dude. A private room, with a water system that washes the mess away into a hidden pit.
Insanity! Such home irrigation would rival the Hanging Gardens of Babylon for outlay and upkeep!
I'ma go out in the backyard and build one. You see if it don't make sense when I'm done.
SOON In the backyard stands the contraption. It's made of two steel drums, with poorly welded pipe connections between, a hand operated water pump handle in the top drum, an outtake pipe trailing forward of the painful looking wooden seat. A long steel protrusion holds the perforated toilet paper roll.
Interesting. I know not whether to piss in it or wish it well on its voyage to the new world.
Put your ass where your mouth is, old man. I got a track record.
THEN
Why....this pleases me! And I feel proud to use the handle!
COME ONE, COME ALL! THIS SATURDAY!
The TOILET. This system of canisters which dispatches excreta in an intellectually satisfying fashion!
The FORK. No longer considered an affectation of Italian homosexuals, the FORK lifts food twice as well as a knife.
Alright Beef, now open your eyes!
It's a '65 Ford Galaxie, just like you always talkin' about!
oh my god
with the cammer 427
657 bhp
banned in six states
You so lucky Ray
This is such a good car
Me?! This car's for you, Beef!
oh my gosh You kiddin' me
no way
Go on! Get in!
no way... no...
way
Oh man
The car from Peel-Out Summer
What in the HELL
Oh man if Tori Amos was here right now she would need so many hugs from me
What a damn lovely morning it is.
Hey Ray! You wanna help me fix up a BOAT?
You got a boat, Téodor?!
My dad just gave it to me! He got one of those fancy bass boats and handed me down his old one.
Daaamn...a BOAT!
Oh incredible she tracked me down !
Well look at me all in my shirt my lady bought me !
Oh man I don't know about this What are people gonna say
Look at you in that new shirt! How could you BE so cocky?!
Who do you think you are, putting on such airs!
You really blew it this time!
You are so ARROGANT!
Lile, what is the story of the birds and the bees?
Huh? Why ya ask?
I think I heard on a TV show that it explains where babies come from!
Well, uh, there's this bird, see, and there's this bee, see--
And they want a baby pretty bad, see!
Oh, I see! Thanks, Lyle!
How obvious!
Wait a minute! Where do they get the baby?
They pour a bunch of magic gravy on a turkey and say spells.
What are the spells?
Ask Cornelius, I forget.
Mr. Bear, what spell do you say to turn a turkey into a new baby boy or girl?
Phillippe! That's not how a baby is made!
Has no one told you of vaginal intercourse?
Fajinal...vandig...gul...what?
Vaginal intercourse is how the man deposits sperm into the woman
Sperm! Oh, you mean Magic Gravy!
What an absolutely awful bit of slang! You are in Trouble yet again, Phillippe!
W-Why?
For assuming the insolence and braggadocio of a Rap person!
I fie upon that baseless bluster and celebration of conspicuous consumption! Fie!
Quit bein' a horse's ass! Hit refresh already, T!
It'll update automatically! Shut up, Lyle!
Oh, man, is SO cool.
What if it doesn't? You know how computers suck! We could be missin' some primo action!
Look!
GAH! Man, Ray's DESTROYIN'! I'm so pumped I could play a trumpet with my cock!
Such news! Is totally gettink me in mood to fight! Who in this room is needink his ass kicked? Because Vlad have your recipe for two buns in a pickle!
Let's go, man! You and me in the back yard! Last man standing!
Yes, yes! Is goot! I am kickink your ass, sister!
Good luck, you commie pig!
So, what's new on the gourmet black market, Ray?
Oh. Dude. You got to check this out. Close the curtains.
And remember, I didn't show this to you, 'cause you didn't see it. I'm nervous just havin' this thing around.
Wow!
What's this I hear about you runnin' for President, Philippe?
That's right, Pat! I would like to earn your vote!
Let's just chat about the issues for a spell, then.
Good! What issue would you like to chat about?
Where do you stand on gay folks gettin' married? That's a hot topic.
Gay folks?
You know, sam sex couples.
What?
Homosexuals!
What are you talking about? What is Homosexuals? That sounds like the name of a famous circus gorilla!
No, Philippe -
Ladies and Gentlemen, please put your hands together for Homosexuals the Gorilla!
That's not it at all!
Hey! He can be my political party mascot! Just like how Democrats have a donkey!
Oh boy!
This is turning out good!
He don't dig on jokes about his family. I guess I forgot that.
So Pat was pretty mad?
Yeah. I should call and apologize to him.
...yeah
I hate making calls like this.
I don't blame you.
Hey man, it's Ray. I'm sorry I said that I boned your brother-in-law
Hey Roast Beef! Can you help me do my t-t-taxes?
Well Sure Todd I would be happy to
It's good to see you filin' early that is dope
Alright first you basically got to declare your income and how you come by that income
I run smack in my van!
Hm that's definitely gonna raise a red flag Let's just say you're a private contracter
A contracter! Nice! Real respectable like!
And how much money did you make last year
I dunno! Not much, I bet.
Well that particular figure is very important here
We can't really move foward without it
What's the best number to say?
Oh you don't want to go makin' stuff up
You gonna get audited if you do
What's gettin' audited?
That's when a man comes to your house and he just looks at you
He just looks at you and he knows that you lied
Come on Ray can't you even figure out the parental controls for your own damn TV. Sex Limo starts in like six minutes.
It's got like half a million settings, Beef! Hold on!
Half a million huh. More like ON or OFF.
Here then, smart guy! YOU figure it out!
How about I just go watch it at my place since you such a dummy.
Fine, then! I already SEEN Sex Limo! I was just doin' you a favor!
It ain't even a real LLLLLIMO!
It's just a Lincoln TOOOOOWNCAR!
That is Spongebob's house
So are you and Tina still separated?
Tina? Dang, man! I ain't even thought about her in like six months!
Really? I thought you guys always got back together.
Not this time. I finally realized that we just disagree about too many fundamental things.
Like what?
Oh...like when I should be allowed to wear socks in the bed and when I shouldn't.
You like to wear socks in bed?
They let athletes wear leg warmers!
Excuse me, Lie Bot. I have to use the bathroom.
Oh! Here's a quarter, then.
What?
A quarter! Take it.
Haven't you heard? If you flush a quarter down the toilet each time you use it, the city collects it and puts it in your retirement fund!
Oh, I see!
Lie Bot, what is the best cheese for nachos?
Hey man, that's easy. It's called Pochego, and it's from France.
If you don't believe me, you can read the liner notes from Rubber Soul.
Philippe is just a kid and he has got no idea about what his talking means. He don't know that Mickey Mouse is just a drawing. -RBK
ACHEWOOD HISTORY THEATRE PRESENTS
THE PLANNING OF THE TRANSATLANTIC CABLE STARRING
CYRUS WEST FIELD
LONDON, 1856
I propose that the transatlantic telegraph cable be suspended from a plenitude of kites, which are to be held aloft at all times by wind!
Hell of impractical, Mr. Field. The cable must go underwater on the ocean floor, or birds are gonna sit on it and take like a zillion craps.
Do not listen to this man! Should the cable descend below the surface of the sea, it shall surely be devoured by the many fishes!
A problem easily solved. We will wipe the cable with dogs, so it becomes offensive to all creatures.
Hm. Mr. Smuckles' reasoning has given me pause. Yes, let us use dogs.
I have built a steam ship which can house ten thousand mongrels! Your endeavor shall not want for the horrors of the canine body.
Gentlemen, let us begin at once. I shall gather the buckets of vomit with which to attract thousands of free dogs.
Watchu doin' lettin' this Jehovah's Witness bother you, Beef?! I thought you had any sense!
Oh uh this is Milklin and he is havin' just terrible luck gettin' converts
Good, good...
Maybe you could give him some of your business advice Ray
For FREE?!
Alright, fine, whatever! Listen, kid, just look into franchising.
You can't franchise the Lord!
You didn't just say that. -- Anyhow, you got to be your own boss. Start up a concern called Private Horizons. Thank me later.
What's Private Horizons?
Jesus, kid! You catch on nice and slow, don't you!
Come on Ray Friendly up
It's your exclusive, "by invitation only" form of Jehovah's Witnesseyism!
But the Lord accepts everyone!
Ain't nobody wants somethin' they givin' away for free! -- You never hear the terrible tale of Strawberry, the neighborhood 'ho?
N-no...? If you don't get off my property and create an exclusive Jehovah Witnesseyism franchise, so help me I will hunt you down and treat you like the dopeman did Strawberry.
If you would excuse us Roast Beef I believe the Tenmen are warming up and we do not miss a moment
Oh dang are they playing tonight I didn't even know
Maaaaaking Love In a Limo On an Airplane in A Spaceship Bound for Space
Daaamn! Player got a little Inbox goin' on goin' on!
LEON SUMBITCHES, "Gravity Train," with attachment
ROAST BEEF, "Re: world's longest burrito - check it out!"
ROAST BEEF, "Re: check out this bald dog Beef (hilario..."
ROAST BEEF, "Re: clip of car hitting rabbit...WAY. SAD."
ROAST BEEF, "Re: pimped-out tow truck!"
ROAST BEEF, "Re: guy spells his name using only eggs"
ROAST BEEF, "Re: hero or fatso? "
ROAST BEEF, "Re: funny song about playing dice"
ROAST BEEF, "Re: dancing baby turns 10 - hella poigna..."]]
Who in hell is Leon Sumbitches and why he sent me an attachment?! Man, this looks like a computer virus straight-up splickety!
But wait, what if it's some new MC sendin' in a demo? Gravity Train sounds like it has the legs to be the most important new dance song of the year...hate to get scooped...
You know what? When a man is afraid of an e-mail, it's time to redistrict the comfort zone.
Take a hike, advice. I'm crackin' this sucker wide open.
Hello Friend.
This is Leon Sumbitches, real name Brian Wheat (as I will prove later). My uncle Mengis Adoso, as you have heard, is involved to the ongoing ties between the decommissioned American embassy in Switzerland and my home of Mombasa. At stake, and needing financial asylum, is our family fortune (made largely in oil). Your commission will be 20% of held funds. We need your contact by no later than this evening. To call this a small matter would be rediculous.
It's five, Ray. Time for a quick jog to clear your head before the market opens.
Ray?
Shut up, Lazarus! It ain't even light out!
Maybe if you hadn't stayed up all night drinking Old Windmill you'd be able to get up now.
Old Windmill Is tasty! I ain't got to defend that to you!
Get up. This is important.
I'm skippin' a day. You go on and do whatever you want.
Powerful men don't "skip a day." Get up.
DID IT EVER OCCUR TO YOU THAT IF I SO MUCH AS BLINK I MIGHT GO INTO STAGE ONE RENAL FAILURE
So this is it Heaven
Wow they even know I don't like my first name
Oh my god I could stretch out for days on that futon
Dang they got a whole wall full of my favorite old books
The whole Nate Small series Original 1930's hardback edition
Wonder what's in the fridge
Guinness, bread and butter
Good _night_
Hello. You have reached Pat. I'm sorry I'm not able to take your call right now b...
Damn, Pat! Pick up!
Pat, man, it's Ray! Where the hell are you? Pick up!
Oh Paaa-aaat! Somebody's gettin' his Booooone on!
You know I don't like it when you talk about your
Shush! Listen. I need to call in a favor.
"Why I must walk this earth with the bright-eyed liars and titans of inner filth shall ever plague me"
"That the universe should misspend one mote of its grace and bounty on a fool like that is all the proof I need that the throne of the Lord sits empty"
"Damn, this dude can't even eat lunch without destroyin' men and declarin' the death of God..." "I wish he'd ever come to a parent-teacher conference... top half of the teacher on fire... principal all destroyed and thrown completely over the gym into a pile of hubcaps..."
"Ramses only has an outer monologue. He is ashamed of the world, not himself."
What the heck is that, Beef?
Check it out man I found a PC emulator for the old Oregon Trail.
That the game we used to play in fifth grade? Man, that game was decent!
Say you think they are still makin' it?
Oh wow I bet they hella updated it.
Lets take a look.
Alright so what did I miss while I was on the phone
Uhhh... Hold on!
Dang what in the heck Ray How did you get syphilis
"The next day: A tender letter arrives from Haram the blacksmith. Do you want to read it?"
He wrote!
OK Phillippe it's time to work on your campaign some more
No!
Ok it's getting closer to the summer campaigning season so maybe let's work on that a little today
Okay!
Yaaaay!
Good then now what is your opinion on the socialization of health care
No opinion!
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh
Hey, did the Lakers win last night?
I don't know. I gave the Sports section to Philippe.
Since when does he like sports?
He's doing a pretend news show in the living room.
And today in Sports! ...ahem... Washington safety Curtis Williams always smiled, even confined to a wheelchair, paralyzed from the neck down...
Look at you, all dressin' the fool! What's gotten into you, Little Nephew?
Why you all up in my grill, Uncle Ray? Why you stickin' your wet nose all up my shizzito?
What did you just say?!
Seriously! Y'all be like a queer Jack Frost, cold nippin' at my hose!
Care to REPEAT that, little man? I don't think I HEARD you!
What, are you deaf?
Hey all y'all, Drunkle Ray needs a hearing aid!
He pours his vodka so loud that he wakes up the maid!
His junk is so numb he can't tell if he's laid!
Is it the booze or 'cause his bozack is flayed?
Beef? Baby? Want to come watch Dancing With The Stars with me?
Oh uh sorry babe can't let up got to make this money while i still got famousness
Alright so let's see I got Darren in the Evening at KDLS and then Mike in the Morning at KHST and in the twelve hours between I can pump our maybe six dozen real good new cards
Sir, can I freshen your Chivas?
Oh hee sure almost but uh no thanks I got to come up with some new cards for this greeting card line I got that's doin' OK lately  Dang man but look at those union curves...
Oh my gosh! You're not... THE Roast Beef? I just gave my ex one of your cards!
Oh heh you must mean "Our Marriage is Like a Dead Dog
Right! We...we're not supposed to do this, but...let me bring you one more. On me. You're not staying at the Palm Sheraton, are you?
Man that is crazy 'cause yes I am and thank you
IT'S YOUR MASTER CYLINDER TODD YOU BLEW A GASKET
That s-s-sucks!
TOTALLY
And so does this music! Let's listen to some tunes in the van.
HEY IS THIS BLOOD BEAGLE
Aww yeah!
MY FIRST TIME WAS TO THIS SONG
No way! Me too!
MAN I HAD NO IDEA WHAT I WAS DOING
You can say that again!
SHE HAD ALL THESE STING TAPES BUT I WAS LIKE NO DEFINITELY BLOOD BEAGLE
Hey Roast Beef! Can you help me do my t-t-taxes?
Well Sure Todd I would be happy to
It's good to see you filin' early that is dope
Alright first you basically got to declare your income and how you come by that income
I run smack in my van!
Hm that's definitely gonna raise a red flag Let's just say you're a private contracter
A contracter! Nice! Real respectable like!
And how much money did you make last year
I dunno! Not much, I bet.
Well that particular figure is very important here
We can't really move foward without it
What's the best number to say?
Oh you don't want to go makin' stuff up
You gonna get audited if you do
What's gettin' audited?
That's when a man comes to your house and he just looks at you
He just looks at you and he knows that you lied
Lyle, man! We gotta call it quits! No more joint company!
What, asshole?
I been gettin' threats from this drug dealer goes by the handle of Japan Man! We gotta pack it in!
You mean YOU gotta pack it in. I ain't afraid of some punk with an aftermarket tailpipe and a D in typing.
This dude snuck into my house! He took a secret picture of me on the can!
Cool. Guy can take all the can shots he wants of me. I got technique.
Ain't you get it, man? He ain't gonna stop at that!
You think he'll graduate to actual toilet cams?
No, I - no, man! No! Jesus, Lyle!
I'm talkin' sleepin' with the fishes! Cement shoes!
If he wanted you dead you'd be dead by now. He just took a picture of you on the toilet because he's weird.
Yeah, I guess you're right! The dude is sick! Probably had issues potty training!
Maybe he doesn't even sell weed at all, and just uses that as a cover for takin' pictures of me on the can!
Exactly.
Hmmm. I think I'm in the mood for peach cobbler with cheddar and a mocha. Doesn't that just sound divine, pudding?
I... I'm not seeing a lot of vegan options here.
Well, why would you? This is a restaurant, not a florist.
So Rod's a boor. Oh well, everyone needs a project.
I don't patronize any artificial systems that create needless suffering, is all.
Well, then I guess we won't be playing much Twister.
You can sass all you want, but that slice of cheddar means a hopeless cow sits trapped in a tiny, smelly pen all day.
So get her a couple of brats and turn on the soaps. If you're going to rant by numbers, at least paint a complete picture, rhubarb loins.
If you weren't Rod Huggins, I'd probably leave you with your cheddar and the check right about now.
So Pat's a bore. Oh well, everyone needs a project.
Let's see if I can spend five minutes not thinkin' about this damn wedding
Man it sounds like fool season opened up today
Why does this...
Sir, this is the Achewood Police Department. Are you the brother of a Mr. "Showbiz" Kazenzakis?
Yeah uh you tell him this is one hell of a way to announce that he'll be in town for my wedding
You can tell him yourself when you come post his bail.
Just the Animal Facts, Ma'am!
What if you could choose TV's fonts?
46am on Monday while I was watching Blue's Clues. I had to rewinds a little.
if you exercise, it hurts, but you feel great after. It's different if you eat a Spicy Tuna Roll that you found on the patio table the morning after a party.
She's a brick.... HOUSE
WHOO!
It is truly a masterful forgery! Why, that beguiling android has even scented the paper with my own private blend of tobaccos!
Yeah, he had us goin' but good.
I understand that he made time with your lady friend, and that was the cause of your duel?
That, and he shot Beef, and borrowed a bunch of money from me, and he's got Little Nephew walkin' and talkin' like a pissed-off bottle of Wild Turkey, plus he-
I must admit, it was quite a thrill to arrive only to see myself lying dead upon a gurney, assassinated in a duel over the love of a woman!
Yeah, sorry about that.
Not at all! In fact, I will pay you to the sum of fifty dollars apiece to arrange similar tableaux wherein I am felled by hails of honorable gunfire.
At the end of the story, the cat's real uncle reveals a perverse desire to see himself killed.
Philippe! Why are your shoes plugged into the wall?
These are my new Speaker Sneakers! My mom sent them to me!
What? What do they do?
Watch!
HERE COMES A SPECIAL BOY
Wow! Can it write like...Tony Robbins?
Yeah, I think I got that one!
Auto-diary for: Ray Smuckles
Monday, June 9
Voice: Tony Robbins
It's 11:30 AM. Ray is ready to perform at the top of his game, but there's only one thing holding him back: an enormous hangover.
Now, I want you to stop and answer this question: how would YOU excel, given Ray's challenge?
If you're like Ray, you start by forming a basic divide-and-conquer framework. The first thing Ray obviously needs is a bloody mary.
Huh! How about...Garrison Keillor?
Keillor...Keillor...that farm guy, right? Here we go...
Auto-diary for: Ray Smuckles
Monday, June 9
Voice: Keillor
Now I'm not one to talk, but Old Ray Smuckles was the last potato in the ground most days. It generally took a crew of three or four well-meaning bloody marys to ease him into the afternoon, in the way that a team of firemen might have carried him on a stretcher, only to slowly reveal themselves as French gymnasts while the stretcher itself transformed into a narrow but remarkably elastic trampoline.
Uh I know how you like to play media mogul Ray but I don't think we can run with this Todd Show thing
You a crazy person, Beef. Go to a dungeon.
I just typed up his list of ideas from our brainstorming session and it looks pretty bad
Ideas? Awesome. Comedy is nine-tenths ideas. Hand 'em over.
metal.
That's any late night skit show. Just air the parts that ain't about cocaine and selfish sex. Old industry secret.
If we let Todd just do what he wants like this he'll burn out and die from problems dude!
...we'll start the ghostwriter on the tell-all now, and get bidding going on the other 50% of the footage for when he croaks. Any good executive can spot a cokehead. A great one can make him a Belushi.
Alright, O'Malley. What else did you dig up on Bensington Butters.
I did some sniffin' down at county records. Bensington Butters is actually Jimmie "Darnell" Hockawock, from Flokes County, Florida.
Ouch. You do that hotel room-service impostor thing we agreed about? Upgrade package B?
Yeah. When he thinks you're not payin' attention, he pushes aside the proper silverware and pulls out a plastic spork he's got hidden in his tie.
Uh huh. Uh huh. Keep talkin'.
I went back for his dishes an hour later, and he'd scraped all the caviar off his blini. Guy paid fifty-four bucks for some potato pancakes.
There were also ketchup smears on the plate that had his filet mignon.
How'd he order his steak?
Well done.
You bring the ketchup?
Nope. He travels with it. Hunt's, not even Heinz. Saw the bottle on the TV tray he'd made outta the foldin' luggage stand and 3-ring amenities guide.
Nice work, O'Malley. You keep your mouth shut about this and maybe the new hip fairy gonna visit your moms next year.
You're a good man, Smuckles.
So uh what's up with this rabbit of yours Pat
This is Hollandaise! He was the first thing I saw after I woke up from the electrocution!
Dang man whenever you used to see a bunny in your garden you would cold draw your .22
Little tiny brains all over the radicchio
Little rabbit ambulance takin' the body away
All Fuzzy little tail on the ambulance
Ambulance all employing the principles of hopping instead of rolling
Lyle! Are you going into your room to smoke heated-up marijuana?
Huh? What?
That's illegal!
So don't tell anybody! Problem solved!
I don't need to! Everyone in the house can smell when you do it even though you have that dumb invention that you think works!
Huh? What invention?
That little tube you try to hide the smoke in! I saw you do it once!
You mean my bong?
What if C.O.P.S. came and everyone was yelling at you? You'd feel bad then!
They'd say, "Lyle! You saved the show! Your friends are all so boring, we were nearly canceled!"
I am not boring! I learned how to cook tacos today!
"It's just tacos, guys! Hold your fire!"
Everybody else was studyin' the German phrasebook on the plane . . .
But NOOOOO, not Ray! Ray spent the whole time lookin' at the damn SkyMall catalog!
Heh! I'm like the Donald Trump of homeless people!
Other homeless people, you're Fired! Heh heh!
HALT!
Oh, shit, the Fuzz!
Ach! Gehen Se weg!
Hey, nice shirt! I used to like the Scorpions too!
Hey! Where you goin', Beef?!
Ray! RAY! Where you at man
Where is Ray
Man Ray you a shambles What the hell man where's your underpants
In heaven
Oh god flush the toilet once in a while why don't you You my most disgusting friend you know that
Man things ain't never the same once you seen a dude's stew
Beef! BEEF! We...I never got to talk with my dad!
Conditions did not favor it no
Still, man! How am I ever gonna find him again?
Ramses Luther seems more like a he-finds-you type of dude
I...yeah. You think he's 'a be pissed at me for not doin' things his way?
Come on Ray the guy broke all the Fight rules his first time around
All standin' with no army and bustin' non-traditional moves
Now he sees his boy breakin' rules that ain't even written and makin' his own besides
Got to stir a familiar nerve in his old neck
Damn. That is a thing, isn't it?
That is completely a thing
Our every move is the new tradition
What should we do, man? This is the time
Eat ten pounds of lamb at Kronos Cafe over in Wasco
My uncle George runs it
Daaamn! A proper winner's feast! You think he'll close the place just for us?
Even when open Uncle George's cafe is essentially closed
SOON
Why, I no' believe it! Ar'rosto Beef! You come an' see me! An'a you bring some guy!
Hi Uncle George this is my friend Ray
Ray, Ray...you'a the rich boy, or you'a the jerk?
I'm the rich guy!
Good, good. I no'a like'a the jerks. When I am younger, sure, ok, but not so much now.
Maybe I change, maybe they change. Who knows?
We lookin' to do a bang-up feast Uncle George we ain't eaten well in some days
Good good! I call, I get us a pizza. I know some guy. He have also this, "crazy sticks"? But they are bread.
We're getting food delivered to your restaurant ?
Business get real bad, Beef. I stop ordering the stuff. For what?
I mostly come to the cafe so you Aunt Nina can be alone.
Gosh uh Ray I didn't know he was in the straits I mean maybe we should bolt--
Call your guy, George, and hand me the phone. We gonna get this done.
Beef, I hid nine grand under the Fight-Tite Elastoband in my hat. Get us a spread from next door.
Can you please please PLEASE turn the lights on?! I'm scared of the dark!
I'm afraid there are no lights here young one
I'm sorry! Please don't be mad! I didn't know!
Now why was a little boy like you sleeping all alone in the cold so close to the marshes
I have to get to the transfer station! I have to...I have to find my friend!
Someone so young shouldn't go to the transfer station
H-How come?
It's the last place they look for work when no one else will have them
Who's they?
The junkies and the huffers and the winos and the bums
The transfer station takes them all through its doors
That is why little boys should not go to the transfer station
We have to go collecting now
W-What do you collect?
Whoah, Todd! What the hell?
Let's go check out the dance floor, fellows.
Dig.
One...two...three...
Whoah, whoah. Hold on. I can still smell it.
I can't believe I won the competition to meet the Beach Boys. They're my favourite band in the whole world.
Well hello there Philippe. I'm Mike Love, world famous lead singer of the Beach Boys. Would you like to meet the rest of the band?
Wow yes please I mean, if I could!
Boo badda boo boo ba ba
Ooo b-doobie wop
Carl, Al and big brother Brian are practising their harmonies. All sounding nice!
Arp
I'm gonna eat some vegetables and go out surfin all day, then maybe get my jingle on, man smoking drugs is A-OK
ooooo-k-a-a-a-y
Now where could Dennis be?
Hmm...
Aaaiiiiie!
Come on Dennis if we don't pop your eyes out, how you gonna see the truth?
What you watchin' T
Some documentary on Laika, that dog the Russians shot into space.
I wonder what was going through her head.
Probably something like OH MAN I THOUGHT WE WERE BEST FRIENDS I MEAN WHAT IN THE HELL MAN WHY I GOT TO GET IN THE MISSILE
That's harsh. Why didn't they just launch a stuffed dog instead? They didn't learn anything.
Hm little plaque on its base all THIS HOUSEWARMING GIFT IS FROM THE PEOPLE OF PLANET EARTH. IT IS A "DEAD DOG."
If you think about it even medium-hard, launching a scared little dog into outer space with no intention of getting it back is a seriously fucked thing to do.
Dude this was in an age when we still believed that the Chinese were clay goblins who could speak with the sand
Strappin' that dog to the INSIDE was probably more of an aerodynamic than an ethical concern
Hey hey!
Vlad! Andy! Glad you guys could make it!
Lie Bot. Guess who we brought.
Who?
Chuckelbot!
No way! Chucklebot's here?
Chucklebot 21,000! Man, it's been a while!
SINCE I MADE YOU CHUCKLE THAT IS
Check it out, Lyle! I just got one of those machines that automatically folds a letter into perfect thirds!
Huh?
For mailing! So you ain't gotta judge and guesstimate!
My whole life I always been a little stressed come time to get the letter to fit the right size into an envelope. I blow it about almost a tenth of the time.
You think we can cock it up to roll joints?
Huh! Damn interesting! Like all Philip Morris but with spliffs! Interesting!
You thinkin' what I'm thinkin?
Lyle and Rays Perfect Jays! Dogg, I just thought up our company name! Got kind of a Tuff Gong metal shack feel!
Téodor, man! We need a logo for our new joint company! Come help us out, doggie!
They any sluts up ins?
What? Are there any sluts at my house?
'Cause you know I ain't never go nowhere 'less they be mad sluts at that plac!
Hey, you can make fun of me all in your corny deep voice, or you can get in on the ground floor of this thing.
Hode on, I got to tip the little Panama boy what vacuums my dropped gerunds out the bottom of the Escalade. Chocolate love, all.
Hey guys! Guess who just got...
yelllled
aaat!
Whoah! Why are you sitting around watching gay porn?
It's weird, you know. It's like, at any minute they might stop and go, "just kidding!" and go get some chicks.
They haven't done that for the last half hour though so if these guys are kidding they are like Andy Kaufman good
Or, like, Rambo might bust through the apartment wall and yell, "CUT IT OUT!"
CUT IT OUT YOU TWO DON'T YOU KNOW THERE'S A WAR ON!
Kind of like the Kool Aid Man, you know? Only, instead of delighting a room full of thirsty kids, he has a gun and he's extremely angry at two naked men.
Man if every gay porn had a celebrity bust through the wall you could sell to both gay AND straight markets
Dude! That's IT! That's our ANGLE! Forget about the disguised cases!
You've been sponsoring a political candidate? I'm impressed, Ray.
Yeah, I kick a couple bricks his way now and then. Don't talk during my swing.
I want to see a more serious commitment to this campaign. Up his cash flow. Get him elected.
Uh, his campaign ain't too solidified yet. What ticket do we want him runnin' on?
You know my politics. Start grooming him.
Alright Philippe, here's your list of photo ops for tomorrow.
What's a Stem Cell?
Just put your arm around it and call it Timmy.
Ray? Ray, I'm a prostitute.
Oh yea, I called the agency...better get up
God, she's not at all what I wanted...
You...you brought your kid?
Is he...is he mixed race?
Beef! Beef! Are you okay?
Dang what happened
What are you talkin' about, Beef?
Oh man I had this great apartment in heaven and there was this perfect lady
Heh! Sounds like you been doin' some serious dreamin' under that anesthetic.
No no dang it man it couldn't have been a dream
Whoah what's this
So, I guess we never really got introduced...I'm Téodor.
What...what's your name?
Huh?
I'm Téodor. What do they call you?
uh...
Hey, Téodor! Who left you alone with Roast Beef?
Daaamn, Pat! I didn't know you were gonna be at the video store! Whatchu gettin'?
None of your--GIVE ME THAT!
Whoah. I don't know who Steve is, but I don't think I'm invited to his Party.
give...me...thaaaaat!
You know what the problem with gay porn is? I'll tell you. Look at these titles...
"Steve's Party."
"Tim and Carl's Houseboat Party."
"Brad: Party of One."
"Josh Rents a Wimp."
You know the clerk thinks you're an idiot for gettin' movies with titles this stupid, porn or not, man.
Well, yes, but I don't have--
That's why you and me gotta reinvent gay porn, dude. We gonna design stealth DVD cases that only gay dudes know to pick up, cases that are virtually impossible for anyone else to care about.
I just decided this.
Pat? Yeah, Ray here. I made us up a prototype.
Oh crap Ray now they raisin' the gate here they come man what the hell we gonna do ?
How much Christian Brothers we got left in that bottle?
Ray NO man now ain't the time !
Well, I think it's because we runnin' Apache on FreeBSD. Yeah, swap space keeps fillin' up. Repartition? Wait, Mike, did you touch the NIC? I can't ping it.
Dang Ray since when you got a clue of how to talk about computers man that is bomb! You got some serious grace!
Huh? Oh, I just wanted to see if I could run my own web server. It ain't some big deal like the main nerds would have you believe. This crud is fly-easy if you can make yourself care.
Dang man listen to you all cock of the walk!
In fact, it's kinda beneath me. I plan on forgettin' all this stuff within a week, hopefully two. I got a hypno-session comin' up.
Man what is that nonsense now
Seriously! Can you imagine if a chick heard me talkin' abour RAID arrays? Her tits would fall off and roll under the couch! Her uterus would shut like an airlock!
The hypnotist is gonna get it back down so I can just check email and maybe get stuff onto my ipod three times outta ten tries.
I can't take this anymore, man. These dudes have got to stop it. This has just gone on TOO LONG.
Yeah, but what can you do.
Gonna make 'em a new one. Go get my digital camera. You can still do Photoshop stuff, right?
Yeah, I can still do Photoshop stuff.
SOON.
Dogg. Nice work on the capital G.
Thanks. I'm particularly proud of the finishing "e".
Well, he's all stressin' that everything these days is "green" this and "carbon footprint" that, so I want this bachelor party strippers to be local.
Who you callin'?
I got it on good authority that Harmony Kluxx and Dipitt Devine do a good show.
Harmony and Dipitt? Those chicks cost big money! Kluxx even has flyers over the pisser at the Scow! Seriously, man, I know some broads who'd do it just for a ride to the gig.
You know chicks who will do a free striptease just for getting' to go on a car ride?
Just don't look too close and everything'll be fine. These girls ain't "focusers."
Huh. Maybe Beef's last brush with other women actually SHOULD be horrible!
Seriously! You want the guy to see what he's escapin', not what he's missin'.
Wise as the Dickens, Lyle! Who would have expected such sentences of you!
Maybe we could set up a little "van" diorama in one corner, and you could score with one of 'em! Like A Christmas Carol! The "Ghost of Freefallin' Personal Standards Yet to Come!"
Just put a towel over my ass and call me Marley, toots.
Okay, Téodor, here's another ten G for you guys' campaign. Let me know when you need more.
Thanks, Ray.
Whoah, are you learning guitar?
Huh? What did you say?
Oh, yeah, I thought it might be kinda fun.
This is an original 1960's Rickenbacker!
That's right! It's the one John Lennon played on the Ed Sullivan show!
Oh my GOD!
And these effects pedals... I've never seen some these! What's this one do?
That one's actually for singin' through.
Like a pitch corrector?
It's designed to accompany Delta bluesmen. Watch.
OH BABY I AIN'T GOT NO MONEY
OH HONEY NOW MONEY DON'T COME LOOKIN' FOR YOU
Well would you look at that. Pat is havink web page for his Subway now.
<<Brown sugar!
Oh for Please sake Pat. Do not design music into web page. Is so newbie.
Well would you look at that! A messageboard just about his own restaurant! Such arrogance he has.
Let us see if we cannot destroys things from the inside, out.
Pat
pat suxx w3rd
0
Today
0
Who wants pork chops?
Oh boy!
These are delicious!
Thank you!
Now try them with applesauce.
Pprk chops with applesauce?
Nooo!
Nooo!
Nooo!
Nooo!
Nooo!
00pm: Robert Redford is...
her prized dachshund has become violent and unpredictable after a traumatic spay. Briggs creates a therapeutic burrow out of the woman's couch cushions and then wiggles down into where the dachhund has hidden itself. He whispers secret, private dachshund ideas to the creature, who soon emerges from her self-imposed prison with a new self confidence and a heavily chewed squeaky rubber mallard.
Check it out, Pat got a new bumper sticker.
Dang man how can you tell
It's the... isn't... didn't he used to... by the one with the...?
Naw man looks pretty usual to me
The capital of Quebec is Queblowme. Next question.
No seriously if you're going to run America you need to know about Canada
Bullshit. Canada needs to know about ME. Why in hell I got to mess around memorizing a pretend country?
Canada ain't pretend it has an enormous GDP
Well, when they do somethin' besides have Rick Moranis piss tons of beer out of his dick, then maybe Strange Brew won't be the only thing about Canada.
Is this really the attitude you're taking to the election?
The only thing I'm takin' to the election is an angry little brain that stores Canadian history in a molecule next to fruit names. Get away from me.
You just ate a WHAT, motherfucker? Is this a...a...pepperoni god-dammit Hot Pocket?
Oh uh sorry but you know I ain't never really been a fruit and yoghurt guy.
This be some BULL SHIT. I ain't got to do this, you know. I can just pass this on.
In fact, I think I will. I'm totally gonna blank this Hot Pocket. It's dead to me. Never seen it before, officer.
Man please don't the last thing I need today is drama pipes.
Then you show me some respect! Last night you drank Keystone Light 'cause you thought it was funny. I ain't think it was funny. I took a look at that junk and I think they made it by pourin' turpentine on corn flakes.
I sent that ridiculous swuzz straight to the lizard, by the way--no kidneys. I can do that, you know. That one was all me. You're welcome.
Alright okay man I get it is there like a special type of stuff I can eat to get you back
Thought you'd never ask.
Edamame beans, man. That shit be like white sand and Ray-Bans to me. Oh, and plain water. I dig on some plain water. You get me plain water, man, you be sure and don't let that door hit yo' ass on the way out.
Okay alright uh do you want me to like Fletcherize the beans or anything
Daamn, listen to you! Look I ain't a wuss or anything, but maybe one time would be nice. You know, just so I get what that's all about. Like that time you made your old lady wear human ears in the bed.
Heh oh man did that backfire I got so weirded out and she cried
Yeah, but you had to TRY it. One time, 'cause a man's got to know. Anyhow, let's get some beans and get chewin'. Plenty of cold water.
So you can really hear all that stuff huh
It's kinda muffled but yeah I'm in on the whole soap opera.
Alright go man do it
You're ready?
Yes man yes just do it
I dreamt I had died. Everyone looked all tired and sad like they had just got up for a big fishing trip.
It was time to get buried but I hadn't been dressed for it.
dang, i don't want nobody pullin' my legs through no pants.
So I got up to go dress myself
Hold up a minute.
Shriek!
At first I chose a white shirt and tie but then I realized these were going to be the clothes I wore for the rest of time.
all right, let's do this.
Good LORD, Ray! When did you learn to play like that?
Téodor! Just the man I been wantin' to see!
Listen, T, do you think we can use that computer of yours to whip me up a CD?
Sure!
Good-bye Achewood, Hellllll-o Hollywood!
Ray Smuckles 811 Via Vera Achewood, CA 84526
Thanks for driving me home from Support Group, Paaaaat! I usually walk but there's SO much rain!
Don't mention it, Arthur.
I thought you made a real breakthrough tonight when you said that anger is like a sandy beach, and that we have to learn not to go there!
Thank you.
You're WELCOME Pat! Oh Pat, I am SO jealous of your progress!
Aw nuts, hold on. It's my cell phone.
Dammit, Ray! You KNOW I only keep this cell phone for emergencies! What's the matter with you? Why did you call me? You KNOW I got a terrible rate plan from Cingular! This is probably costin' me like five bucks! Do you have an apple for a brain? Do you not LISTEN to a word I say?!
Pat! PAT! Don't go to the beach! Stay OFF the beach!
Yeah, I said it! Apple for a brain, motherfucker! That's right!
Lie Bot, what is the saddest thing?
Philippe, Philippe, Philippe.
The saddest thing is a retarded man who is crying and promising a broken egg that it will still be a chicken some day.
And that they'll play together in a field when it gets better.
Nooo!
Hey, you got one of those new Japanese toilets! What's it do?
Well, other than the usual deal, It's got a computer that improves you. Like, if you press this green button with the question mark on it, you get the Word of the Day.
ORALINGUS. NOUN. MEANS, KISSING ON THE MOUTH.
That makes kissing sound twisted! There's no need for the word.
You're probably right. Here, I'll try to get a reasonable word.
ORALINGUS. NOUN. MEANS, KISSING ON THE MOUTH.
BURRITOLINGUS. NOUN. MEANS, EATING A BURRITO WITH THE MOUTH.
I am ... SO sorry ...
Jake Sully
We are mated before Eywa now
Jesus Christ man why we got to do this part of the movie why not like gunships or just a meal scene
Jesus CHRIST
Dogg! Do NOT play with my merkin!
Téodor I-- Do NOT drag my merkin in the breakfast eggs! You gonna RUIN that merkin!
Seriously, what is this thing? A toupee for your Diner's Club credit card?
It's a historical pubic wig from when prostitutes had to shave "down there" because of lice and stuff!
Why do you need it?
I don't! I just didn't understand the eBay description!
What were you searching for that could possibly be confused with "vagina wig"?
I don't know! Golf clubs? You know how searches take you off on tangents!
Golf clubs are not within six degrees of vagina wigs, I don't care how bad your game is.
God, if he only knew...
Let's everybody say somethin' nice about Roast Beef while we wait out here for the doctor, OK?
Why don't you start, Pat.
Why don't YOU start, Ray? Seems to me like you got the most ground to regain!
Hello, I'm Dr. Paul Andretti. You are all here with a Mister...Roasted Beef?
We just call him Roast Beef. We all friends, you know? Ain't that right, fellas? *We all friends!*
Your friend Roast Beef was very lucky. The bullet seems to have missed all of his major organs and lodged itself safely in his spine.
Whoah whoah whoah now! That don't sound so lucky, doc! In his *spine*?
Normally I wouldn't call that lucky, no. No one in science would.
...but in your friend's case, the way the ferrous material from the bullet fused with his vertebrae has actually resulted in a passable wireless Internet connection.
)
Philippe! You've been readin' that thing for hours!
The Anarchy Cookbook is amazing!
Did you know that McDonald's is the best place to use counterfeit money?
It's because no one there cares what is happening!
That's right! Companies like that should suffer!
And you can create fun explosions at Kmart by filling the paint shaker up with big bottles of soda!
Heh! I used to work at Kmart!
What? Really? You did?
I used to fill out hunting licenses for guys who couldn't write their own names!
Wow!
One time I crushed my thumb in the bowling ball drill press...
...and this Vietnam vet in a wheelchair tracked my blood all the way to the bathroom!
"You got a man down," he said.
What's Alberquist Hall? I've never heard of it.
Well, it ain't good, if you're okay with hearin' that.
Jesus, man. Don't act like I've never heard of stuff that isn't good before.
Hey listen John me and the boys invented Photoshop
What? I didn't tell you to do that.
Sorry yeah uh you can put like a picture of a guy on the computer screen and write like THIS DUDE BLOWS under his face etc
How do you make the computer make the letters?
You just type them like a word processor it's neat
You can also use the airbrush to draw such as a hat
Listen, I'm about to order tacos. Do you want any.
Oh no thanks man I just ate about fifty Rolos
Screw you for eating all the Rolos! Everybody was supposed to get some of those!
Dogg don't piss on me I just invented Photoshop!
Oh no it's today
Jesus I hope wise guys have never put anyone's head in a deep-fryer
Oh god and how many screaming children are being drowned by their own mothers right now
Wait stop breathe breathe
ULURRRGH!   Oh god the heaves
OK I'll go puke in Ray's Escalade no one hears that
I still have some double-wall plastic bags hidden in the Economist in the seatback holder
Oh wait I used them all I forgot ! I got to lose it in the small area between the hot water heater and the golf shoe cleaning system
The baby went to a wedding where a spiritual man with body odor played enormous Paiste gongs for a long time before anyone was allowed to eat.
The baby was going to get to play with her great-grandfather's ukulele, but it turns out it's made from really valuable extinct koa wood, so now we all just feel really bad about what man has done to the planet in the name of ukuleles.
She walked straight to bed from the couch where we have bedtime stories, and climbed in! Next thing you know she will drive a car to college and marry a man named Clue Bucket. I do not miss the future.
Dang man if that ain't a sign I got to up and buy a real wedding ring
Check the old bank balance maybe transfer some stuff around since the diamond industry got me teed up like a damn Titleist
Whoah ain't checked Drudge Report in like two hours got to catch up real quick
Huh look at that Robert De Niro weighs 183 pounds that seems reasonable
I wonder how much Robin Williams weighs
Wait no I don't I wonder how much Billy Crystal weighs
What does Billy Crystal even look like these days
Whoah man look at that dude I wonder if at some point his face is gonna have loosened from makin' so many smirks that he can just stick his fingersinto where the cheek meets the sideburn and tear the whole thing off
What's that suitcase for Ray
We goin' on a road trip, Beef!
That's ridiculous
Ain't no way two cats can drive a dang car in public
Let's say some cops pull us over...we just make a break for it! Ain't no human can catch a cat!
Well I guess that's true
But what about the car it would be impounded
I just sold 34 million albums, Beef! We'll get another one!
This is the chance of a lifetime!
I don't know Ray I could see this turnin' out pretty badly
Roast Beef, you could see a rainbow turnin' out badly!
Let's go see America!
I DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE AMERICA BUT I'M COMIN' TO FIND YOU!
Come jogging in the backyard with me!
I can't.
Why not?
This robe is my only outfit.
Just jog in the buff! No one's gonna see.
Absolutely not!
Come on, I'll do it too!
No!
Stop that!
Come on, man! Let's do this!
Not on the sofa, fellas.
Aw, man! I just peed all on the floor around the toilet bowl!
I tell you, I ain't nobody's picnic.
Oh, I'm sorry Ray. The door was unlocked.
Oh, hey Doc Andretti! How's Cornelius doin'?
He's critical but stable. He had a collapsed... did you just pee all over the floor in here?
No, man, it was already like this. Some guy with a mustache came runnin' outta here just before me.
He looked pretty embarrassed.
A mustache?
Yeah, I think it was fake. There was an article about him in the newspaper.
Newspaper?
Apparently he doesn't have good control, you know? So he wears a disguise and uses other peoples' bathrooms!
Here, Doc. Join me in a prayer for him.
I'm giving you a prescription for Zyrelax, Ray. It should help calm your piss shiver.
You...called, Pete?
Téodor. Thank you for coming. You are a man who loves women?
...yes?
Excellent. I am writing a romance novel, only I am having one problem and that is in describing a convincing attraction between a man and a lady.
How come?
For the life of me, I cannot figure out how a man can love a woman when a woman is just a screaming clear area with a wig on and a large middle where the smells come from.
Maybe think of things you love instead of a woman, then go back later and replace them.
I see. A, "writer's trick." Thank you, Téodor.
Chuck held 1 in his arms. Soon they would move to Africa together, but tonight they would lie in bed and 2.
Hello, Téodor. This is Ray Smuckles calling to tell you about a...
I know who you are, Ray. Is this about your startup company?
--about a unique software opportunity. Do you have a computer in your home, sir?
Tell me, Téodor - do you, like millions of others, have trouble keeping track of when to buy eggs and milk?
Téodor? Sir?
Is this that Excel thing that Roast Beef made for his online programming class?
No, sir. This is nothing short of a revolution.
IN THE DRIVEWAY
My word but there is a whole lotta Tommy Bahama goin' on inside that nasty old '75.
Wait a damn minute, that's Rod Huggins! Of all the gin joints in all the world...
ALSO.
So there I was, fillin' up an extra seat on that sixteen-hour illegal gay party flight into Havana, when Picnic Panic Two starts playin' on the screen.
Now, I ain't qualified to comment on the quality of what you do--
To a man of my years it just looks like a lot of tricky commotion--
--but the sight of that picnic basket of yours kept my mind alive through some  marathon Commie ass beating.
It was Hickory Farms! I was SUCH an amateur!
Hey Connie! Got a minute to give me notes on my latest manuscript?
But of course. What's the premise?
'Member how I was idiotic the last two weeks? I had a realization--there ain't no romance novels for actual idiots!
Intriguing! Fraught with liability issues, though, I'd hazard.
Nah, not if you got insight to the actual idiot mind. Check it!
'PRIVATE PROPERTY'
Aww, look at him all asleep on his side. What a cute kid.
You...you hid the Keith Moon head before he cound find it, right?
Yeah. Pretty impressive craftsmanship on that thing--did you commission it?
What? No, man! That's the real deal! That's his actual head in there!
Sure. Where'd you get it.
eBay, dog!
You can't buy body parts on eBay. The have a policy.
I have a Platinum Reserve account. Kind of like their black market.
Sheesh. Figures.
What are you going to do with it?
Well, it's actually kind of a hassle to own.
you have to setup a living trust for the thing, you know--to provide for it in case you die--like old people do with their canaries.
Parrots.
Right. Then there are these guys who do monthly inspections on it to make sure it ain't bein' stored in direct sunlight, hasn't come back to live, etc. This is all explicity stupulated in Keith's will. I kinda wish I'd known this stuff first, but what are you gonna do.
You see the Loon's head on eBay, you Buy Now and ask questions later, I suppose.
I...exactly, T! EXACTLY!
Oh! T! Idea! You think that's vodka his head is suspended in?
You know, I wouldn't be surprised. In death as he was in life, etc.
We got to take shots of it! Tell me how classic that is! We got to be able to tell that story dude!
Eeesh. That seems like exactly the kind of thing that would make the head come alive and start biting at me.
Oh classic!
Here. I'll stand by with the glasses while you unscrew the lid and dip in the ladle. You ready?
I...okay...
1978 Volvo 244GLE OF DESPAIR
Woah dogg is a teacher here
What? Oh, no, mann! I got this on eBay!
How come
This was Trent Reznor's high school car! If you sit in it, you are guarenteed to feel total despair!
Huh well let's just see about that shall we
I'm not so sure you're the kind of--Beef! Wait!
She checks out OK
Hey BEEF! Check it out! I'm NAKED!
That is some sweet beans Ray Anyhow the reason that I called is that I just got the new Chris Isaak album and I haven't even opened it yet
Oh shit, doggie! Let me throw on my duds and grab some bottled Cokes!
word
SOON.
Man, listen to how nice all his guitar notes are.
These guitar notes are so good dude
Listen! A fire truck! What do you think happened, Lie Bot?
Well, I heard on the radio that Billy Idol was in a pretty bad car crash not too far from here--
Maybe his soul is passing into your body right now!
Gosh! Do you think so?
Whoah! What's happening to me?
PHILIPPE CAN YOU HEAR ME PHILIPPE
TAKE MY TALENTS PHILIPPE USE THEM FOR GOOD NEVER EVIL
Hey, Philippe, look! I got a police scanner!
Oh boy! What's it for?
You can listen in on police cars and see what they're doing!
Oh, boy! Maybe we can solve a crime!
Car 38 this is Car 15 do you copy
15 this is 38 what's your position
I'm in the alley along the Wells Fargo facing the street
You're kidding, pull forward about five feet
Okay I just did
Ha ha I can see the hood of your car now
No way are you serious
Ha ha I sure am
Okay how about you pull forward a little bit then
Okay I did that
Ha ha now I can see your hood too
Hey wait why'd you back up 38
I...I just got kind of weirded out
Wow, Mrs. Smuckles! This is such great stuff! Thank you!
Wow, Coke AND Pepsi!
Orangina!
Blue Nehi!
Wow!
A bowl of mini-Caramellos!
Candy apples!
What's "Godiva"?
What'd I tell you guys! My mom's the best!
I love when it's your mom's turn to bring drinks! Oh, and nice hits today, Ray!
Heh! Thanks!
BEEF! Where's your mom, dork? The game ended twenty minutes ago!
Yeah, where's your mom with our sodas? It was HER TURN!
Sorry guys uh her car has been pretty bad lately and uh maybe she had to get a taxi
Roast Beef is POOR! His mom is a SLUT!
Thanks for nothin, Beef!
Slut-of-a-bitch!
ha ha!
We're leavin'! I'm gettin' poorer just LOOKIN' at you!
Let's go somewhere Roast Beef can't!
Yeah, like to the doctor!
Here comes the airplane headed for the zoo
All that means is some kisses for you
hee hee!
Hey, which Netflix do we have right now?
Oh dang uh we got Horatio Hornblower plus Sex and the City and nutty old Monk
Why don't you go put in Sex and the City?
Oh lame baby I would not do that I would not go set up a DVD with my buns all showin'!
Heck of lame!
Then put some underpants on!
I ain't gonna fire up my U-Hauls just to carry my junk six feet! That is certainly Wasteful!
Maybe you could use the opportunity to haul away all that condom trash...
Doth our lover's potpourri befoul m'lady's honker?
When I want to decorate the nightstand I'll go to Pottery Barn, funk fairy.
Oh now just what in hell is this
Better not be no love letter from a snake
DAMMIT it is !
NEV 046
We are very sorry but you should not park here--see sign...]]
Who in hell says you can't park here ?!
Crap now I got to go contest this DAMMIT
ticket #062105]]
Men, you have competed in four events, and the results have been surprising.
Téodor, we hoped you would shine during the cooking event, but you folded with a focus and intensity normally seen only in successes.
Pat, you've been to prison more times than the neck tattoo fairy, yet you got on worst with Miami.
Vlad, you're a machine, yet you could not identify which of your machine brothers was, in fact, the car quiz's logical choice.
/Wienermobile is not brother. Is not like we are speakink at Christmas./
Lyle, you communicate maunly through smells and peeing, yet you couldn't get along with the dog.
Yeah, that one was mine to lose.
Cornelius, you could have won this thing in your sleep, but you didn't, and I'm suri thi other players thank you for extending that courtesy.
Congratulations, Cornelius. You are the baddest dude in town; you are the mirror that shows a normal man that he is a clown.
Well, my heavens! How completely unexpected! On the off chance of a mass-forfeiture or transit strike, I did take the liberty of preparing a few remarks.
DID YOU HEAR THAT?! THE DUDE PREPARED REMARKS!
THis guy Ed Gredby just got killed in a truck fire! They said he couldn't get out, so his friend shot him in the head before he could burn to death!
Beef! Dude! Pastor Shickanell was gonna get picked up in that rape case, but he hooked up this system where when he opened the door for the pizza guy, guns tied to strings shot them both in the head!
Hey Beef, check it out! This guy has a website of himself gettin' shot in the head! They say it's the first one!
Dude, I drew a mouse gettin' shot in the head! You think it looks real? Be nice, man!
That Kurt Cobain...I ain't a main person of his thing. but he wrote some good songs. I'll say that.
I damn hope marriage ain't gonna change my dogg.
Man this is actually a pretty decent rocket ship Pat made
So long dang old Earth
Wow man
Here I come dogg
Aww nuts man Pat's cell phone is in here
Hello
Roast Beef, this is Pat. I am very angry with you right now. This is because you stole my spaceship.
Man Pat you don't gotta talk to me like they teach you in that class for people with too much anger
Oh hold on for a second would you please
I am about to land on the moon and must concentrate
Alright dogg, I'm takin' on The Game.
No you don't mean it
Yeah, man. Dilbert. Probably gonna get sued for even sayin' that name.
Alright be strong and no matter what just get the win
Hello?
Yo Dilbert! How's your coffeebert? You gettin' pizzabert for lunchbert? You ever wish you'd never chained yourself to certain dopey suffixberts?
I'm suing you.
You're like chow main, man! You're just not a big deal!
I'm suing you, and I will get all of your things. Because that's how this works.
Did a reader submit that sentence for use in this phone call? Is that how this works?
Oh, man. Do you know how SUED you just got? You are SO sued.
Look, I gotta go be a spineless hero to sixty million water cooler wimps who have their password written on the back of their hand. Later on, horse dogg maniac.
Check it out Ray
Apparently Charles Mingus at one point wrote a little pamphlet on how to get a cat to use the toilet
Ain't that odd
//www.mingusmingusmingus.com/ownwords/catcatalog.html
Man, that cat already knew how to use the damn toilet.
All cats know how to use the damn toilet.
That's right, Fellows. All cats can man the throne. Ain't no thing...
...but a chicken's wing.
Whoah! Who are you?
Name's Nightlife. Used to live with Mingus. I'm the cat that book is about.
Wow, man! Neat to meet you!
And it is most excellent to share this afternoon with you gentlemen.
Tell me, who has a cold glass of Tuaca for this most parched of Felines.
I think I got some Tuaca!
Most divine, brother.
Say, do you fellows enjoy the particular game of golf?
I've got three lids out in the Hudson and enough Zig-Zag to wipe God's ass and the devil too.
What are you gonna do with the rocket ship now that you got it done Pat
Well, obviously I am going to travel into outer space!
Have you always had like a dream of that or something
Oh yeah. Always wanted to go into space. Always.
Take me with you Pat
Leave me there
Sorry, Roast Beef! There's only room for one. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go get suited up.
Goodbye everybody
I--wait. This is gay? Did Jim's battery really die, or did he just duck out so you could let me off gracefully?
You catch up quick for someone who catches on so slow.
Jesus!
So we were supposed to get hot and heavy on that picnic blanket?
Quite literally.
How come you gave me a drink and didn't just tell me to leave?
Why all the rigmarole?
Pudding, I'm not Gay Donald Trump. We do these things with style and dignity. Can I freshen you?
You're liquoring me up to see if you can get me onto this blanket and do Maximum Cuddles with you!
What?
That's the most that two men can possibly cuddle!
I know an ulterior motive when I see one, pal. I watch enough Law & Order to kill a horse.
Oh, and a Brandy 'Flip' has an egg, not an Alexander. That's just crass. Ciao.
Man I am just a real shit of a dude
Maybe I got to take like a course at the community college
Try to improve somewhat
Let's see what they got to offer here
Beef? Yeah, hey man. What's up? Listen, do you remember me doin' anything last night that might get me on Russel Simmons' bad side?
Oh, no reason. Look, I gotta go check my Outbox.
YOU CAN'T JUST TALK! TODAY IS A RAISING YOUR HAND DAY! THAT'S JUST THE WAY IT IS!
Oh, Jesus Christ! Who calls anybody anymore?! How rude! Pete, my hands are all sopping wet! What does caller ID say?
Oh, stop it, nobody likes a funny-ass!
Oh, crap! It went to the machine! You know I'm waitin' on a call back from Bill and Don In The Morning!
I'm in town for a little while, and I thought we could get a cup of coffee.
I'm staying at Ray's. We might as well meet here -- he really does have the best coffee in town.
...oh, here's Ray. Hold on.
Seriously, dude, I got a pretty slammin' coffee machine last month. I can do stuff with whipped cream or foam, man, you name it. Caramel lattice? Hold down shift and hit #7, man.
It has a fully articulated syrup nozzle.
It really is quite an impressive machine, son.
Pat, Ray again! I think it can handle donkey milk, if you still doin that vegan thing! BA-DUMP BUMP! Rim shot! Heyo!
You know Ray, if you make fun of him, it'll only drive him further into his shell.
Shell? What shell? Why do they want me over so bad?
Pat, I apologize to you. From, Ray Smuckles.
Anyhow, son, hope you're hearing this. One thing we need to discuss is a... a family inheritance that has been due you for some time.
Daaamn, nice work with that inheritance angle! Pat's probably runnin' over here so fast that he can't close his mouth and his cheeks are balloonin' out with wind!
Man, what is the matter with me? I just called my best friend a butthole!
A butthole!
Talk about something you don't serve with a chilled rosé.
I got issues, man. I'm hella pullin' a psychology here.
I'm buggin' cause my best friend is gettin' married, ain't I? I'm actin' like the fucker belongs to me.
Oh god, look what I just thought. How sick am I.
I got to see a therapist on this stuff.
Tite then, brotha Ray. Whitcha whitcha whitcha want wit' dem heah man?
Plant that ass
Come on, Roast Beef! Come on back, and make me some Galaxy Nachos!
aw Ray you know I don't plan on comin home anytime soon
Oh ...all right. Hey, did I tell you I got back with Tina?
oooh nice
did she let you french her
Yeah, dogg! It was *hella fun!*
man I wish I could ever french a lady
We been over this, Beef! You a handsome fellow! You just a few hearts shy of confident, that's all!
I don't know what it is man I really like the idea of frenchin' when I'm all alone
But get me in front of a lady and it's like "Whoah get me in front of my computer instead cause I really feel like programmin' it right about now"
Welcome to KPMA's Gripe of the Day! What's your gripe, caller?
Mexican people take too long gettin' in and out of cars!
Hey, that sounds like Pat!
Really? I don't think I've ever--
Don't you lie to me! How many times have you sat and waited while some Mexican was gettin' into a car, actin' like the world was his oyster?!
Yeah, that's definitely Pat. I wonder where he's hiding?
Daaaamn, Cornelius! Sick flivver!
Hello, Ray! What's with the get-up?
Oh, I was just helpin' out a friend. We take this thing for a spin?
It's more fun to look at than drive, I'm afraid. I'm just idling to keep the engine clean.
Say, can you take my place for a bit? I need to visit the loo.
Yeah, man! Take your time! I know how it is.
Ray Smuckles, the new student transfer from Metropolitan Sex College 9, drove his Pierce-Arrow right up to the Hardy Boys and tooted his horn!
Frank steadied his younger blonder brother Joe.
"What do you want?" asked Joe, stiffly.
"What any man wants! To meet the Hardys!" laughed Ray. Everyone chuckled with relief. It was good to see that the new city fellow knew who was who.
Even though he was from a high school where students freely discussed orgasm and jazz music in the hallways --and the teachers were always stoned--
...there was something that everyone in straight-laced Bayport liked about Ray.
So how'd you get the name Roast Beef, anyway?
How'd you get the name Ray
You know what I mean!
Well it's real simple
When I was born I wasn't really developed all the way
They couldn't tell if I was gonna be a man or a lady...
But they thought probably a lady
So they named you Roast Beef?!
No...no they didn't
They named me...
Cassandra
Help us out, Beef. We got a situation that is much at hand.
Well, like, Envelópe Martinez has a bunch of cars and Christian fundamentalists on his lawn. It's bad for property values, man. Precedent.
Alright I'll take care of it just give me some time with Téodor and the printer
TASTE THE VALUE, CRAVE THE FLAVOR! FREE SANDWICH AT CARRBORO'S! GET YOUR COUPONS HERE! THE LAST HONEST MEAL!
Man, those guys got gone and stayed gone! You ain't leavin' here 'til you knock down this lineup 'a Cragganmore, dogg.
Oh man you know I get all clopsy on the Scotch
BATTER UP!
...oh WHOOOOO'S the guy... ...GUEST-STARRING in his own life...
Oh, bag that. You're the man! You're the man in like seventy ways.
Speakin' of which, when you gonna make an honest woman outta Molly? Don't dodge this one!
Man you know my opinion on marriage is that it is a concept invented by friends who want free appetizers
I ain't just buggin' 'cause I like tiny quiche, man. You know she's got gifts for you for like the next three years hidden in my attic?
Dang man no but I believe it
She's always remembering things I say
This world ain't nothin' but bad news and the pills that go with it, and here you got a girl who's thinkin' about your Christmas present in March.
Damn man what you're talkin' about is basically a thing
Could be, doesn't have to be. A dude walks down a street and a plane lands on his head; he never did what mattered. Just sayin'.
Still though man slippery slope to a cradle and a mortgage and a grave
You even think for a minute there's some better way to play it?
Oh hey vaguely rememberable brunette guy
Hey other guy who basically looks like me and has the same funny energy
Guess this is our last show huh
Yeah and you love that one lady and I love the other lady and we all have a baby now it is perfect
Wait are you saying that our entire series was a huge prime time dry hump
Hold on do you mean that Friends was written by a freshman dorm who were all giggling under a huge comforter with flashlights and iBooks
All nervously losing their spoon virginity to the dim flicker of the Apple Quicktime trailer of Shrek
Gosh, how do you commit suicide? Maybe if I eat lots of super-hot chili sauce...
or take way too hot of a shower?
I know!
I'll pour boiling gravy into my eyes! That oughta do me in!
Happy Birthday, Onstad.
Roast Beef! How long can you study geometry for?!
'til I get tired of it
Snoooooze!
I love geometry Ray
Sure it sounds impressive, but when are you actually gonna use it?
Well
Oh, you're right. I guess I been meanin' to learn a little geometry.
JESUS CHRIST CAN YOU BELIEVE IT COSTS TEN THOUSAND CLAMS TO GET MARRIED ?!
I certainly can.
I mean there are hidden fees behind hidden fees!
There are hidden fees which can't conceptually exist until an initial hidden fee is enacted !
There is even this one hidden fee hidden behind some drapes and you can only see its damn shoes !
The invitation alone requires a printer, a postman, and a cousin with fine penmanship.
It costs seventy-eight damn bucks just to get the official marriage license!
Are you kidding me ?! The government even gets a cut when i LOVE somebody ?
Elected officials laugh when a butcher, presented with a pig, wastes the squeal.
Well, that was kinda lame. What are we gonna do next, vote?
Is not surprisink if next challenge is to move in with mother.
GENTLEMEN! Inside this box is a career prisoner! Your challenge is to convince him that you've done hard time!
After you've all gone, the prisoner will tell us who he thinks was the most believable!
Piece 'a cake! I do time like I was pluggin' the meter!
I've been incarcerated on a number of occasions. Stand back and watch the master, you fools.
So I am in prison. It is bad. So bad. The leader, he rape my face. He rape my hand. Do I cry? I do not. Is prison. Is dog pack. You weak? You die.
Next, please
They locked me up 'cause I hit my old lady. What can I say? The bitch had it coming.
Nice try, kid. Next?
For a cellmate, I prefer a German in his native land. Today's Kraut isn't a malicious sort, more often than not just a timid chap coming off a night on the beer.
I bunked with a Fritz once. Good guy. Tidy.
Indeed. The Austrian is too obsessed with his own excrement, and Frenchmen act as though they'd won an Oscar the night before. In the middle we have the reasonable German.
Exactly!
...So like it ain't bad enough that Little Nephew got himself the Stone Cold F Grade in History this quarter...
Goths man huh like dang old Arachnea Gehenna from high school times
Yeah, all with the date and time stamp still showin' 'cause she couldn't figure out how to work her Nikon!
All showing that it was just like seven thirty-five PM which ain't exactly too petrifying of an hour
No sir, not exactly the witching hour.
Maybe the hour of playing a Bauhaus tape and pulling a quarter out of your ear but yes definitely no witching
What's she doin' these days, anyway? Maybe I can use her as an example of how Goths don't succeed in the world.
Man you got to realize that Goths reject the normal ideas of society and success
Hah! I love you police blotter.
Wait. Why does this... Why does this all seem so... familiar...
Meanwhile.
That a KitchenAid? Get a load of this: they claimin' the 8-cup model don't come with the dough hook attachment.
YOUNG MISS I DID NOT TRAVEL THIS BITTER GLOBE SO THAT YOU COULD DENY ME THE DOUGH HOOK AND ROB MY ONLY DAUGHTER OF TIME BEST SPENT ON PROGENY!
So uh has Einstein spoke much through you today
Get outta here! You can't come in here when I got important stuff goin' on! You gonna screw me up!
Ray uh maybe we should talk for a small bit about this channeling thing
Ain't see why.
Dogg in three days you only talked to him that one time so far. Maybe it was like subconscious mind signals or just such as regular mind noise
I am helping Albert Einstein write down that he can't write down because he is a ghost and his hand is clear. I guess out of all people you would be the jealous one, wouldn't you!
Oh no uh not me man Einstein's work led to the atom bomb
What?
I mean uh if you think it is rad to have the blood of 200,000 Japanese on your hands then rock on. Personally though all the crickets in the night would sound to me like the screams of melting schoolchildren
Yo, Beef. Ray here. Just wanted to say thanks for lookin' after me last couple of weeks.
Huh? Oh, come on, now. You ain't even got to demur.
Whoah, dogg. Say shucks that much on your own time, maybe like for Guinness World Records. I hear they take mp3s.
Serious, though, man. You ever go creamy in the noggin, I got your back til end of days. Trust on that.
What if I go creamy too? A clause, man! That's all! Nurses are to tuck us in on the TV room couch under a big puffy quilt that says, "Just Some Knuckleheads From The Day!"
Dang, good idea! I'll call Rudy in production and we'll send promo samples to convalescent homes around the world.
Stand down little man and make peace with yourself!/You're just warm Winner's Cup and I'm all top Shelf!
I'm a Moët Bellini all chilled up real nice,/You're a Popov martini without any ice!
I'm rollin' large, makin' numbers at craps!/You're drinkin' a drink made out of wrung out Wet-Naps!
Ten women approach me and whisper, "bongiorno,"/You're in your room watchin' scrambled-up porno!
I'm chompin' mignon on Bellagio lake,/You're at Circus Circus fightin' rats with a rake!
They comp me a suite and a silk lobster bib,/You get kidnapped at Binion's and sold as prime rib!
THE STARTUP COMPANY, DAY 2
Philippe, can you see yourself with all of your egg- and milk-tracking problems completely solved?
What do you mean, Ray?
Philippe, what would you say if i told you I could sell you a computer program that kept track of all your milk and eggs?
Otters are lactose intolerant...
Can you make it not have the milk part?
Man, I don't have any IDEA if we can make it not have the milk part!
Of...of course! That's no problem! Hey, anything you need, guy!
LATER
Yo Beef! Can we lose the milk stuff? Please say yes! if you say yes, I can close this guy.
Let me guess. You feel... "bad." Is that it? Did I put my finger on it?
Ray man what in hell are you doing here ?!
I came to pick your amateur ass up. Now let's hustle before that gold diggin' peanut slinger wanders out here in some frou-frou negligee that makes us ALL look cheap.
I... how in hell do you know the score man what in the hell ?!
Let's go. We'll talk in Airwolf.
SOON.
See, Beef, you got just DUMB scratch for the first time in your life. You ain't know how to handle it, but there's plenty of sniffin' dogs that do.
Oh man no wonder she poured so much Chivas in my noggin she was tryin' to get knocked up by a scratch-havin' man !
Dogg how did she know I was a trashy beginner rich guy ?
Chivas, and (B) wearin' too tight of gray trousers from Sears.
God wait though man I cheated on Molly man I CHEATED ON MOLLY !
No you didn't. You existed in an area and nobody did moisture-style touches on your body. Calm down.
Now would be a good time to decide, though. Can you hang with money, or do you go back to the way you were?
I think I basically got to be broke for Molly's sake man I can't have stewardesses constantly diving for my hog the rest of my life
What do you want to do with all the money from the card line?
Gosh man uh how about we use it to endow a home for wrecked-up dudes and women who been messed with
I'll have my people manage that. Maybe set some aside for a rainy day?
Hm maybe finally get some medical insurance
I mean I don't want to seem all cocky and falutin' so maybe just a real basic plan where like if I die they put me in a coffin
I snuck you another Chivas...don't tell!...you can drink it real quick...and here's another one for the cab! Ssh!
Oh man I got to know what she looks like in that underwear she must be wearin'
They skip dessert.
I'm just gonna go freshen up a tiny bit, handsome. Why don't you make yourself comfortable?
Oh yes I will
What's up, new money.
AL...
-QAEEEDA!
Did you do a good job of babysitting the baby, Phillipe?
Yes! And I wrote down everything she did so you would have an idea!
Thank you! Was she noisy much?
No, she was pretty sleepy. Oh! She also farted seven times. See, here. I made kind of a little graph of each one.
Wow, that was very responsible of you! Thank you for this information.
I could barely hear the second one but I figured better safe than sorry, right?
Wait. You're not one hundred percent sure if the second fart was real or not?
I...I think I heard it. I'm...I mean I'm not...
Do I need to erase the second fart, Phillipe? Yes or no.
You need to tell me immediately or the baby could get very sick. You wouldn't like that, right?
I...oh no! I'm not sure!
HONEY?! Start the car! The baby might not have fully articulated the second of a seven-series gas panel!
I'M SO SORRY!
This is me just ``kickin' it'' before the match. I practiced learning the soccer songs everyone sang.
This is me with Peter, the official mascot of the ``Hibs.''
This is me at the Hibernians soccer match! All of the players had good luck and they won the game.
These are the bicycles that we all rode through the town after the Hibs won. I loved Scotland, but tomorrow we must leave.
Roast Beef! Why are you programming that computer?
I guess it's the only thing that I'm really good at
What are you programming it to do?
This spreadsheet would tell a person when they needed to buy eggs or milk
Based on how much eggs or milk they started with
SOON
That's right, sir. Based on how much eggs or milk you started with. Could I interest you in a trial version?
I also wrote a function that calculates how much hash browns to make
Alright now, that's it! You are off to your room!
Your fifteen minutes are up and it's time for the broom!
Like American Idol all mixed with Survivor,
I vote you off of this island, little free verse MacGyver!
You think you can quell me? I got DSL!
I'm spreadin' my rhymes all the way to The Well!
I've got all the messageboards under my spell!
Ten million kids in fedoras downloadin' my yell!
If you like the Web well then fine you can have it!
All those aviator glasses, watchin' anime rabbits!
My fans roll all real in sleek black Escalades!
Your fans be all worried 'bout their D&D trades!
Téodor! What happened? Where am I?
You're on Ray's helicopter. We found you lost at sea.
The...the couch! We need to save our old couch! It's on the barged headed for china!
Philippe, that couch was pretty worn out, and the dog had had a lot of problems on it.
But...but it trusted us, and it was always there for us, and we threw it away!
Philippe, let me tell you a little something about how a couch thinks and how it plans its life.
O...okay.
You see, a couch has a pretty hard job. It has to hold serveral hundred pounds of people on its lap, often for hours at a time.
Yeah...
And sometimes they even have gas-- even if they can't help it! -- or really drippy taquitos, or the dog can't find any other place to get pregnant...
Holy mackerel, that's right!
So during all those times a couch just thinks about its retirement days in China.
Gosh! This was the couch's plan all along! That guy!
Yeah. He was pretty smart, our old couch. And he did his job good, didn't he?
Oh, you aren't kidding! He was amazing!
Now, maybe if you learn Chinese just good enough, we can visit him someday!
Aw, why learn Chinese just to go bug a guy! Let's don't and say we did!
Shucks Todd. I ain't seeing no hidden page in this menu.
Just relax y-y-your eyes. Let 'em go outta focus.
Ray! I heard you were on a restricted diet! Good for you. I've brought over some of my favorite eco-telligent best-stitutes for you to try.
Huh? Man, I ain't want any -
Annie's Almond Animal marzipan Kod Kubes... Pinhole of Glory Macro-biotic Microbagels...
...Bitter Barry's "Ape Grapes," gum, "Mr. Kruschev Don't Push That Button Mushroom" dried criminis...
...Vital Chemistry orange-flavored "Colon Loofah", Dredger Dan's Spirulina-kopita...
Ooh, and this just hit the market: Noam "Chompsky" radicchio tape! Forget what you know about craveless nori!
I don't know, man. You sure this food ain't got armpit hair and a '91 Jetta?
Ah, I see how it is. You two are out hell-raising. Well, consider this my port's kibosh. I'm rather busy.
Come on, Cornelius! Get Primal and let's go pick up some ass at The Smoke! How long's it been since you rattled that old saber?
Damn, Cornelius! You get shot down by any more women and we're gonna have to make a drinkin' game outta this!
Cornelius tries to put the smooth on Chickenhead Mary with a pickup line from John Donne
Beef, I think you know what this dude needs.
Dude needs mane
I am not cruising for the fretful porpentine, and nor do i wish to mate with any extant members of the Manson family. Put that wretched thing away before it gives me lice.
Roast Beef, me and the fellows chipped in and got you a little something for your birthday.
What's this
It's a Hot Pot, dude! Happy Birthday!
What's a...hot pot?
It helps you make tasty little meals!
I don't really like...meals
Téodor! I'd like to talk with you about my campaign!
I'm just trying to get some paper towels, Philippe.
I need your vote, but I want to EARN it!
Okay, okay. I'm listening.
Ahem.
Did you know that every night, people all across America go to bed sad?
Is that a statistic?
Yes.
Well, how are you going to cure sadness?
I will give every American a little puppy dog named Mr. Poopytime!
It is my firm belief that little puppy dogs named Mr. Poopytime will bring our nation together!
Roast Beef! These chimichangas are terrible!
What's the matter with them Ray
They all soft an' crappy! How long ago did you fry them?
Oh my
Shucks Ray I'm sorry
I fried them I guess basically at seven this morning
Yes basically around seven
You fried these chimichangas this morning?! Daaamn, Beef! I thought you had more sense!
Now Beef, a fried food item will only stay crispy for a short while! This is due to the==
Ray did you ever maybe think that these crummy chimihangas are my way of reaching out for help dammit
Roast Beef! Oh my gosh! I'm so glad you're back!
Oh uh why hello Molly
Guess who stopped at the Duty Free and picked up his 'n' hers copies of the new Wired!
Oh cool! You're so thoughtful!
There's this neat article about information-poor interfaces... Oh and there's also a humor essay by a writer from that McSweeny's whatever-it-is...It's kind of self aware and overwrought but it's better than most of the ads
Ha ha! Did you ever notice how McSweeny's kind of approaches humor with like a lab coat and a pair of tweezers?
Hee hee yeah they really are uncomfortable around the stuff
It's like they don't really know where they belong given all the writing that's come before them, so they just rip off old New Yorker pieces!
I know it's like they're just playing among the ruins of a once-great literary culture that is no longer relevant and struggles for justification!
I guess pizza men are used to that sort of thing, Téodor.
Penny...
You'll meet your dear Penny. If it is meant to be, by hook or by crook you will cross paths.
I hope so.
In the meantime, I'm sure that something will take your mind off this little setback.
Not likely.
Wow! What's that?
This' Click Robot! He my tiny friend!
Neat! What's he do?
Watch, I make him go to the bathroom!
Wow, that sounded kind of cute!
Can...can he do it again?
He has to wait four hours, or it mess him up!
Speaking of bathroom, excuse me!
I don't want to wait four hours!
Let's see-how'd she do that...
ah, here we go-"Make Bathroom".
"OK".
Oh my gosh! Click Robot! Stop! No!
Have you ever been married, COrnelius? I think that i should like to be married one day.
I have indeed. Why would you like to be married, Mr. Teal?
Simply to have someone with whom to eat honey, and with whom to speak fondly of the honey we have eaten.
You are a true romantic, Mr. Teal. Is that one of yours?
Yes. I enjoy honey a great deal, and it slips into my conversation now and again. Tell me of your own love for honey.
Oh, it's fine enough in its own right, I suppose. I wouldn't say that I necessarily love the stuff.
To disregard honey is to turn up one's nose at the very essence of Mother Nature's grace and sweetness!
PEOPLE WHO DO NOT ENJOY HONEY ARE RUBBISH! DOGLESS SHIRT-LIFTERS WHO LICK THEIR LIPS AS THEY ROGER ONE ANOTHER IN...STAIRWELLS!
Language, Mr. Teal!
I......PIF...IF I...EVER......HFFFFFFFFffffff 01010100 01010111 01000101 01000101 01010100
Mr. Teal found himself greatly exercised by your statements and at the direction of a physician has traveled to Harrogate for a series of restorative tonics
AND ONE MORE THING! THE PAKIS, WORKIN' THREE OF OUR JOBS AND LODGIN' TEN TO A ROOM...IT'S JUST NOT RIGHT, I SAY. SIFTIN' THE COD FROM OUT CHILDREN'S VERY BLOOD, THEY ARE!
Alright T-dogg let's uh let's see that big magnum opus wedding menu you been geniusin' on for so many days
Et voila! I have a copy for myself so we can compare notes.
What? What's the matter? You look like I just handed you a ticket to go see owls get strangled.
Oh no dogg uh this is great you totally did a nice job
Don't lie! That's not how you act when you're happy about something!
Well it's just like uh I mean this menu has a bigger carbon footprint than the '88 Olympics
Oh, right. That's your big thing these days.
Can't we use ingredients that are native to this area and stuff
You know what grows around here? Raccoons. Front lawns and raccoons. How about a raccoon tikka masala? Blue fescue pesto?
Don't be a prima donna dude this is my wedding and plus nobody in my family is gonna understand this food
Fine! They can go back to the motel and eat ranch dressing over microwave rice, just like at home!
I GOT ENOUGH TO WORRY ABOUT WITH OUT YOU BEIN' A VITTLES BITCH! YOU ARE -OFF- THIS ASSIGNMENT!
I'LL KNOW YOU'RE MARRIED WHEN I SMELL THE ALPO BAR!
No Girls Allowed! Vol 7 No. 5
Téodor should not have made fun of Chef Mario and his skinny friend when I let him write the Fun Facts Page. Chef Mario is super nice and he cooks little fat sardines! I love him.
Whatchu' drinkin' there, Cornelius! You know I get my Sad on when folks bring they own bev!
Pimm's, old top. Try a snoot.
There now. Afraid of the police?
A... a little bit, yeah. This stuff's only what, about 50 proof?
Spot on. A bit fruitier than your usual tremens drip, I'm afraid.
Yeah... I started to go into withdrawal there for a second! I was sad and scared!
Ha ha! Oh, Ray.
Dear Blog: How does the blood/alcohol ratio work, anyway? Is it possible to dilute one's system with weak drink? I had some "Pimm's" around three and it took my red pants off and changed them for blue. I'm serious, blog, I seem to be some sort of chemistry lab framework of glass tubes and beakers, except one of the beakers is a fifth of Glenfiddich. Can you imagine such a thing? I can. I may make a drawing of this idea later, using a Program.
Oh wow crud man no wonder I never smoke this stuff
All that and I don't even feel a thing
Check it out, Mr. Beef: a fine little bird singing his emotions in a tree.
Pat how do I land this thing
You see that blue button right in the middle of the console?
Uh yeah I just pressed it and it made some classical music play
You drove him away with your mean-ness, Pat!
That's just the sound system! Press the button next to it. That begins the landing sequence.
Oh Pat, for shame! For shame, Pat!
What's up?
Pat was so mean to Roast Beef over the years that Beef finally flew himself into outer space!
Holy cripes!
WHAT WILL BECOME OF ROAST BEEF?
If you're sick, you're supposed to stay in bed all day.
Alright.
What are you doing?! You're supposed to be sick!
If I'm sick I'm at least going to enjoy it!
Pass the dutchie, old man.
Yo, Lyle! What's up? I'm kinda busy right now.
Yo, Lyle! What's up? I'm kinda busy right now.
Now I ain't watchin' the news! News ain't on at three damn o'clock!
Special report I should see, huh. Well, nothin' doin'. Like I said, I'm pretty busy.
What? Oh, I'm startin' a comic strip. You ever heard of Google Image Searches?
Huh? Oh--it's about what would have happened if Washington and Lincoln had met!
Nah, I don't think it'll get in the papers. I have the guys cuss at one point.
Well, I'd have to rewrite the entire thing. I'd rather just let my art live or die as it is, you know?
George Washington died December 14, 1799, from a throat infection.
Oh uh hey Molly I didn't know you were going to call me just now
So uh how have things been going at Applebee's and also with Tina
Yes I'm eating well
QualityTM Hormel Chicken Thighs in White Gravy FULLY COOKED! TEAR-N-SERV! Contains less than 50% sodium by volume
Oh you know lots of bran and usually a zucchini at 2pm like the magazines say How about you are you eating well
Bran looks like... it is these small green pellets
Okay fine I haven't been eating bran No I don't think I need to lie to you about that kind of thing I'm sorry Alright fine I'm not sorry I'll talk to you later
So, like, the king used to have someone taste his food to make sure it wasn't poison, you know?
I've heard that yeah
But what if the food taster knew to only eat a certain part that didn't have poison in it? What if it was a cahoots-type situation?
Well the taster probably operated on the understanding that if the king died an he didn't they'd go ahead and kill him too.
Man, that is way smart of an analogy. Kings were clever as HELL.
Kings were raw.
How do you even get to be king, anyway?
Just punch hell of suckers in the mouth and tell chicks straight up that you like them
That's what the craziest dudes used to get sent to separate high school for!
Schools are exactly designed to keep dudes from becoming kings
Now I'm actually wonderin' if I even LIKE kings, man. I'll see you later, I got to take stock.
Hey! Where you goin', Beef?!
Ray! RAY! Where you at man
Where is Ray
Man Ray you a shambles What the hell man where's your underpants
In heaven
Oh god flush the toilet once in a while why don't you You my most disgusting friend you know that
Man things ain't never the same once you seen a dude's stew
Knock knock!
Who's there, Philippe?
A screaming person!
My, what a stumper this is! All right...a screaming person who?
A screaming person out in the street!
Oh my goodness! What a gruesome car accident!
No! NO!
Uhh, hello? Who's calling?
Hello, Mr. Smuckles. Do not bother to ask how I know it is you.
There comes a time in life -- and you have yet to reach it -- when one can hear all of the accumulated lies in another man's voice. It is a complex tension, a chord that sounds to my ear like a forehead banging upon a piano. That is your voice, Ray Smuckles.
L...Leon?
Your sentences are songs sung in the key of lie. A bird will not land when you are speaking, for the branch will wilt under your wicked breath.
Man, I got to disagree. Just--
I wished to trust you with my fortune, but you have proven yourself of the crudest moral fiber. I think you would shoot a baby.
See, that's where you got me all wrong. Listen, Leon--
Goodbye, Mr. Smuckles.
You are a toilet seat that smokes a cigar
The end
Serious as hell, brochicho! Come join my gym! They just gave me a free membership you can have!
Dang dogg I mean my body is cruddy to the max maybe this is finally the time you know
But also like ain't your club fancy and a man can't wear a tank top with an insect diagram
Dude, I'll kick you down some sick Fila duds. This could be a thing, Beef!
Oh man what if this is a thing
Alright, here comes Leo Fontanette. He owns the Caddy dealership over in Pintado.
Whoah that dude has good thighs
I know, isn't it weird? Everyone notices that!
Hey, Leo! How's the short game? You still considerin' suicide?
What are you doing over here, Smuckles? I don't see any sand traps!
Hi there. Leo Fontanette, Leo Fontanette Cadillac.
Rockin' thighs dude!
Hi Téodor! One custom baseball card of me, please!
I can only do those for pay, Philippe. They take a lot of time.
SOON.
PHILIPPE
RIGHT-HANDED MESS MAKER
N/A
N/A
Y
A FIREMAN LOCKED IN AN ICECREAM FACTORY OVERNIGHT
CALORIE SODA, PLANNED VIDEOS OF DOGS JUMPING REALLY FAR INTO WATER
RIDDLE-MAX, GIGGLE-MAX, CUDDLE-MAX, TICKLE-MAX, COMPUTER "FRO-GRAMMERS" INC
COOKIE CRISP WITH CHOC. MILK AND MARASHINO CHERRIES
INJURIES
Yeah, I set it up so that the second monitor shows exactly what's happening on Ray's computer.
Dang so this is like looking over his shoulder in real-time
Weird... he just Googled for a picture of Mt. Everest...
And made it his desktop!
Now he's Googlin' for a picture of a motorcycle
...he chooses one...
and shrinks the browser all down real small
Almost there. Have Judi wearin' a kimono when she slides the tempura shrimp off the "Wok-Fitted Four-at-Once Submersible Stainless Steel Tempura Shrimp Skewer Rack."
And.
No. You got to have Massimo notice that the Handheld Popcorn Salter ain't in its charger. That'll add depth to his character.
And.
Dude, way too long. The Fully Automated Vesuvio Espresso Station has too many features to detail. It's flagship. Just have 'em sweat-butt bucking' next to the thing.
So.
THAT'S IT! I shall no longer be edited by the blunted, capricious cleaver of your parsley-flecked mind. I am off this job instanter.
Connie! No, man! We got mad cash money to make! We signed that contract with Williams-Sonoma!
You signed that contract. I wish you the best of luck in crafting a confident female lead who connects like a piston rod with affluent, stunted women aged 24-75.
Soon.
Boutiqua answered the door of the mansion. Prince Javier and Pinot were there in just shorts.
Just startin'. Not right, but close.
Sandy (female) opened the door. She held a delicate crystal Bellini coupe ($29). A man cut trees across the street. He would do, for now. She grabbed her tits.
Good product placement, but clunky. Hmmm...
Judi watched through the crack in the door as Inge, her Swedish au pair, snapped the top of a thigh-high stocking into place. She found herself overcome with the desire to inhale the natural fragrance of the tender white skin between her freshly bathed breasts.
Let's take Mrs. Williams-Sonoma on the forbidden journey she REALLY wants. Now even husbands gonna read this catalog. Ain't no talent like the one you got, Ray Smuckles.
Uh yes Hajul this is Peter Cropes?
Hello Peetah Cropes! Yooo are getting this unit A-okay? This USB vejetable cuttar I am building for you?
Well I am having some trouble actually I think it is a "hardware driver issue"? Did you forget to provide one of those?
Yooo no contract me for this driver! Yooo only get contract for de hardwaeh! Don't you come bring dat to me! I see it all of the time and then some!
Now you listen to me you fancy son of a bitch from India--
Everybody want a proprietary driver but nobody is wanting to pay for it! Do you think these things grow in the forest?! I quit this phone call! I quit it one thousand times! Yooo go to hell you dumb fellow!
R
A
Y
Hello?
The eagle has landed
What? Who is this?
The...the cows all came home
What cows? What? What's this about?
...the Pepperidge Farm delivery man is in his car and is on his way to your house
Pepperidge Farm? What? Am I about to win free cookies?
Dammit Ray this is Beef
Hey man, my little nephew really dug that you could come talk dirty at his birthday party.
My pleasure, Ray.
That thing you said about the Elephant Man really made his day.
Not too dirty, was it?
Oh hell no. Those kids are growin' up in a different world than the one we came up in, you know?
The LASH of THANATOS.
Wrap-Up: Loose Ends, Unanswered Questions, & Exciting Trivia!
WHO
WAS IN THE CAR THAT RAY HIT?
Leo Fontanette. Leo was a foul, angry, greedy, arrogant Cadillac Salesman in life, and so he was reincarnated as a man--permanently driving a 1973 Honda Civic between Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores on an errand for his wife--who is regularly T-boned by Raymond Q. Smuckles in his Escalade, at great velocity.
AGH! PIECE OF SHIT MORON!
WHO
WAS IN THE SEAT AT THE THEATRE?
When Ray didn't arrive on time, Cartilage Head, ever the professional, had his tweedy little monk-man fashion a mannequin out of vegetables, in the style of Giuseppe Arcimboldo.
It is not a man at all. It might be fatalistic symbolism, but it might also have just been an emergency run to Whole Foods.
WHAT
IS SOME TRIVIA THAT I CAN KNOW?
Still images of the Wheel of Karma cannot capture this fellow, but see him here, along with a quote from Beef's evaluation:
The MAGISTRATE of the QUATERNARY
Find Me in the Wheel!
"Mihi Ignosce. Cum homine de cane debeo congredi."
WHAT
WAS WITH THE TENNIS BALLS AND TOWEL AT THE END OF THE WHEEL OF SAMSARA?
If Roast Beef had gone through with his reincarnation, he would have ended up as an Unfortunate Being. In this case, a baby dog.
Wow, look at that watch!
What, this? Yeah, it's just my new Rolex.
What does it do? It's huge!
Oh, it has all this GPS and phone and camera and internet and stuff, but the coolest thing is that it generates a diary about me!
I can even have it write in the style of a famous author! Here, I'll print up a few samples for you.
Auto-diary for: Ray Smuckles
Monday, June 9
Voice: Hemingway
Ray awoke late. He stayed in bed for an hour, reading websites. He read a website about Italian sports cars, and then one about loose women. He rang the maid for a bloody mary. He was on the toilet when it arrived, but she was used to this. He shouted a curt thanks and slipped a dollar beneath the door using a long cane which he kept for this purpose.
Auto diary for: Ray Smuckles
Monday, June 9
Voice: Bukowski
Ray Chinaski stumbled into the can to take the first of six beershits that morning. He didn't have much of a taste for food and took most of his vitamins in the form of a spicy bloody mary, delivered by the old conchita he kept as a servant. The night before he had brought some wrinkled old pixie home from the Seven Seas; he was glad to see she'd gone. She no doubt had to get back to her miserable grind as a stenographer or print rep.
Awww frick yeah, baby!
This is Captain Todd speakin'! We got clear skies all the way to Frankfurt!
Our current airspeed is 653MPH and we'll be landin' in six hours' time!
TOMORROW: ACHEWOOD TAKES THE TRAIN TO BERLIN
Welcome to the BADASS GAMES!
Badass men do not mess around! They get down to business IMMEDIATELY!
Each of you take a place at one of the five tables when I say GO!
Your first challenge: BAKE A LOAF OF BREAD USING THE PROVIDED FLOUR, WATER, YEAST, AND SALT!
What is badass about bakink loaf of bread?! I am thinkink we are at least Ultimate Fightink against wino!
Nothing is more old-school than baking your own damn staff of life!
Lyle your yeast didn't bloom dogg I mean this is a top drawer failure by any measure in the book
Téodor, I thought you knew how to cook? Your bread is hard and nasty. How long did you knead it for? A thousand minutes? A million?
Daaamn! What we got here, Cornelius?
I omitted the yeast and made a fresh malloreddus pasta, which I rolled out using my flask.
Malloreddus?
It's an eggless Sardinian dough. My dear Iris Gambol learned to make it the summer we spent in Cagliari. '67? '68? It escapes me.
Alright not only did Cornelius buck the rules but he made a recipe that his dead first wife taught him before we were born
That is /hard/. Cornelius, hands down.
More, man, more!
Yeah?
WHOOOOOOOO!
Ha ha! WHOOO!
Whoooooo!
YEAH!
Ha ha!
Success!
SUCCESS!
Success!
SUCCESS!
Yarr! There be hugs and kisses this way!
Hello champ. Is this where Téodor lives?
Who be wantin' to know!
I'm his friend Circus. We have a meeting.
Do you work at the circus?!
Heh. In a way.
Do a trick! Pleeease!
Okay, kiddo. Here's a trick.
Wow, seven dollars!
It's so soft! It's like having a new baby lamb!
I will love you forever, seven dollars!
You are seven dollars! Yes you ARE! Yes you ARE!
Alright Ray if you're gonna donate money to the Philippe campaign we gotta make sure your books are all in order
Okay let's see here
Why did you send a check for $10,000 to "Oreos"
I like their product! I wanted 'em to have a little walkin' around money!
Okay alright
Now every month I see a $900 check made out to "V.I.P. Entertainment Concepts"
What is that all about
Alright Beef, this is just between you and me, dig?
Oh yes definitely
Well, when I was in my younger days, I made a lot of videos that I'm not too proud of.
Oh my god Ray do you mean -
NOW WE EVEN
BUT REMEMBER
YOU STEP TO ME
I BRING THE PAIN
WHITE BOY
I'm sorry that I didn't like you, little guy.
Dogg what is this I'm hearing around the water cooler about you entering the Great Outdoor Fight
Oh yeah, been meanin' to tell you. Gonna go fulfill my destiny down there.
Attention Workers it has been 127 days since our last dumbest workplace sentence
Serious. Mom had a little burn on and dropped that my dad was Rodney Leonard Stubbs.
Rodney Leonard Stubbs == Ramses Luther Smuckles
Oh my god just like the greats he protected his family by fighting under a Soubriquet Rouge!
Dude no way!
Heh! Yeah.
Serious dude in the 1973 Fight your dad pioneered some of the rawest moves in modern brawling!
Threw a beer through Carl Veldt's head...
Tore off Fancy Mark Clancy's entire middle...
Dang, Beef. You are a total scholar of the Fight. You... wanna be my roadie?
Oh necessarily
Oh dear lord no, the boy's on the internet again?
It's alright, we got him a special kid computer that can only take him to kid websites.
Philippe, what are you reading?
It's the Little Kid Message Board! It's the message board where kids can say what kids have to say!
jumped the shark?
(
In there!
Hey! What the hell you doin' in there! Todd?
Todd! How dare you have a terrible cocaine addiction at Philippe's birthday party!
In the m-m-minds of the m-m-main mattering men the slow-down before the speed-up will add to the art of this artifice!
Dammit! Don't say cocaine ideas near this kid! It's his BIRTHDAY, fool!
HEY!
Don't you do cocaine at ME, you son of a bitch!
Philippe is FIVE today! That is SPECIAL!
You stop snorting all that cocaine IMMEDIATELY!
I'm sorry Philippe. I couldn't catch him. Let's just go back and open your present.
Okay. Boy, I sure wish Todd didn't do all those cocaines.
SURPRIIISE! Todd actually WASN'T doing cocaine! Happy Birthday!
Hooray! Thank you!
Hope you like it!
Ray! Want to help me convert an old diesel car to run on used restaurant oil?
You have reached Raymond Smuckles. I regret that for personal reasons I must not ride in a car that smells like Awesome Blossoms. Please leave a message.
Seriously, the kits are really cheap! I think I'm onto something big. Think how lucrative the alternative fuel market is going to be. It's literally there for the taking. Let's get our hands dirty and learn the industry from the inside out!
Dirty hands? Kits? Clubfoot? What?
Imagine being in on the ground floor of the next chapter in fuel history! You'd be a robber baron! The next Rockefeller!
My god, maybe he's actually thinking about it! I think I tipped him! AND he's got enough juice to make it happen!
Man you find a car that runs on "bio-filtered" Ravenswood zinfandel comin' directly outta my catheter, and then we are having this conversation. Zero-emissions car, zero-emissions man. Think big.
Uh Showbiz is there something you want to tell me
Yeah! It'd be super hot to do a chick in a dressing room!
I mean about this collections letter from Rockford Fosgate car audio
It came for you in the mail.
They found me?! How the hell'd they find me? Shit, man! Kill the lights!
I thought you said you had squared away all this debt with them
I...I did, man! But...but I just couldn't stop! I just kept goin' back, man! Moth to the flame, man!
I'd have it all paid off, but then they'd release a new 50-watt blue anodized tweeter, and...it was like I didn't have any choice, man!
It's okay Showbiz okay now we can help you out you just to go let us
You can't help me, stupid! Rockford Fosgate won't let you! Don't you understand?!
They're about to release a 3600-watt subwoofer with a chain-link grate!
Maybe if you sell your car plus this speaker gear you can cover all your debts in spite of depreciation
Car?! Car? You don't get it, do you Beef!
How c-c-come this dumbwaiter has controls on the frikkin' inside?
Oh uh Ray uses it as an elevator when he's feelin' cranky and doesn't want to use the stairs
Wow! His own elevator! That frikkin R-R-Rules!
Man when we were kids we used to play make believe for hours in here
KILL THE LIGHT!
Ray would pretend he was Mel Gibson and jump out of it and hit me with a bat
Or like I would pretend I was a bag of garbage and he would lower me to the basement
I guess I am kind of ashamed of this but he also let me watch some of his early sex havin' from in here
I mean technically he locked me in here and MADE me watch but whatever you know I wasn't really busy
I heard you met some broad on the Internet!
Yeah.
...so?
So, what?
So, do you like her?
I think about her in my private moments.
Rent's due, low-life! Dude says he wants it by four 'cause he's goin' to the bank, you no-name jerk!
Rent?! It's the first of the month already? Oh Christ, I haven't got a dime!
I'll...sell..sandwiches! I'll throw some stuff from the fridge in a cooler and make them where workers are...my angle can be "made to order," they'll like that...
URRRGH!
God...who put these condiments up so high...these both look like my horseradishes...no time to see which is full...bring 'em both...
SOON.
Here you go, sir! One fine baloney and horseradish with lettuce slices, made to your order! Thank you for your business!
All RIGHT! Man, made-to-order! If mama could see me now!
Dam...DAAAAMN, sucker! That is some strong-ass mothafuckin horseradish! That that fresh stuff like they got in Hawaii?
Let me check! I do keep a variety of styles...
What?!
WAIT A MINUTE, THIS TASTES JUST LIKE DOG PENIS MEDICINE! WHAT YOU ALL ABOUT, SUCKER?!
Let me see that!
Whoah, "Dog Penis Medicine"? HEH! Just like those crazy-ass names the up with for hot sauces! Say, my rich cousin J.D. Klein from Alabama collects rare spicy stuff...how much for this jar? It pretty rare?
$200 LATER
Alrighty, then! Thanks!
It ain't easy to impress Klein. He has a Mercedes an' a Corvette.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 21
!
Dang, Beef! I can't eat this much jalapenos!
I'm sorry Ray
Yes well but this is just a bit silly now! I can't even see the dang nachos!
Well uh I could just get you some potato chips
No, no, no! I ain't interested in no potato chips! I'm INTERESTED in why you would be so careless as to put so many jalapenos on here!
That amount of jalapenos is kinda like my emotions right now
An outlandish silver conveyance alighted upon the back lawn as I wrote in my study this evening.
From it emerged two remarkable animals:
A bespectacled housecat who could not speak for nervous agitation,
...and an exuberant river otter who asked in which room of our house Santa Claus was to be born.
You must be Santa's dad!
He ran off in search of said nativity, at which point I observed the cat pulling deeply from a bottle of wine.
The liquor greatly improved the fellow's spirits, and soon he saw fit to introduce himself.
Oh, uh...I'm Ray, by the way.
Listen...could you help a brother out and tell me where exactly I am in terms of space and time?
Whoah! What's with the owl?
Hey, T. All the brothers in the syndicate just chose what's gonna be they new 'thang for the year.
Neat. What are the other guys doing?
Well, Bensington Butters is gonna read original edition Nancy Drew during all his press conferences, and not answer any questions...
...AKKOLADE is havin' his mouth wide open at all times, and usin' a fake Monty Python picture-jaw to lip-synch with...
WHOOOOOAHHH I'D BE NOTHIN' WITHOUT YOU BAAAAAA-BY
...SIGH...
Sweetheart, won't you please come back to me?
I know what I did was wrong. But in your perfect love I find salvation...in your tender...
Ugh oh man why you let him sell you that damn Jalapiñata Triple-Spiced Finisher's Power Plate
I mean Jesus who ever heard of havin' a extra entrée as a "cool-down" before dessert. Ugh I hate myself so much right now
You ain't had to finish off every single bite, dude. That was your call.
Dogg you know I got mad crazy guilt about wastin' food
How costly was that trough call anyway. I figure about $147 with the conveniently suggested tip
Pretty much. But like I told you: my treat. Wasn't your idea.
Damn that is some scratch
I go to a taco truck. I order three tacos. They cost three dollars. My Fiesta Name is Pendejo. I still have enough money left over for a large Dr. Pepper and Lesotho.
Oh, wow! Just like all the tough guys have!
Look, Téodor! Pretty cool, huh? Just like Bruce Willis!
EEEEEAAUGH!
Téodor! Let me help you get up!
EEEEEAAUGH!
Gosh!
EEEEEAAUGH!
SOON.
There! Everybody likes Harry Potter!
I see's den. You is beatin' on you's best 'omeboy. Why is dat, Ray?
My best friend's gettin' married, and
...tite, tite...
Dat is tite phinkin', Ray. Good on you's analysis, and plus you's rhyme is wicked tite dis session as well.
Thanks, Chaka.
You is much wise, Ray.
...But were it not you's idea dat dis mate get married in de first place? I 'ave it in me notes from last time...
...yeahhhh. But now that it's comin' so real, I'm startin' to think he's just gonna be less and less in my life.
You's guy is prolly feelin' de same worries! Have a good chat wit' dis bloke and it wid' only make you closah'.
SOON...
yo dogg you around
yo dogg you around
yo dogg your around
i'm on ur komputer chattin' on ur
ok ok ok what's up
i was over at chaka's
huh everything alright
not really dude
!
i been dissin on you way hard lately
correct
chaka was helpin me figure out why
because you feel like when i stride down that aisle i'm stridin outta your life
dude did you just sit on a genius ! ?
chaka's big trick is that he ain't take on complicated clients
oh ha whatever
seriously man remember when he agreed to treat that tiny sad piece of bored hair
THAT WOULD ACTUALLY BE A VERY COMPLICATED CLIENT
E8·[
temper temper
oh yeah right sorry
ok sorry's a start now say that you cherish my face
UGH dude don't
CHERISH ME. NOW.
maybe just a dap and a brew?
WALLOW IN YOUR CHERISHES
CRADLE THE CHAMBER OF MY FERTILE PAIN
crunchy stellas?
on nice
over in 2
I HANDLED this!
Hey Waterbury! I'm writin' a musical! Can you give me some feedback?
Certainly, sir.
Alright. The idea is that there's this guy who's training to eat the biggest steak in the world... But he has doubts, you know?
Man against self. A time-honored premise, sir.
It's called Steak/On. You think that's a good title?
It conveys both steak and optimism, sir.
Huh, optimism! I like that!
I seem to be receiving a call, sir. May I take a leisure for a brief walk in the garden?
Thank you, sir.
Optimism! Maybe he decides to have optimism!
What have you to report of this maniac, Archibald?
I change his mental diaper on the hour, your Majesty. I have yet to uncover the reason behind the threats.
Christmas is an exciting time for me, Philippe. I like to imagine the presents that Santa Claus will bring me.
I put out a vodka Martini for him, and some nachos! I like to think he will like these things.
I am not sure why Santa Claus is so kind.
Perhaps he is trying to atone for crimes he did earlier in life.
Like snapping off a Q-tip in a school friend's ear.
This drum machine utterly confounds me.
We have the instruction manual for it.
Philippe is standing on it.
Uh, Beef? Did y-you use cash or credit card for this place?
Cash
Guy wouldn't even LOOK at my credit card
Why you askin anyway
Oh my god
Ray don't tell me you made PICKLES in this bed
Man, let's get outta here!
I can't believe you made us take this stanky sheet! What are we gonna DO with it?!
Take it out into the woods and shoot it I guess
What if someone finds it?! They could test for my DNA!
A turd with a bullet in it ain't exactly 5 O'Clock News Ray
ACHEWOOD, THE NATIONALLY SYNDICATED POLITICAL CARTOON
Let's see: Texas, Big Energy, political nepotism...are we talking about Enron or George W. here?
So Bush Sr. vomits on the Japanese Prime Minister, Bush Jr. asphyxiates on a pretzel...who taught these guys table manners? Millie?
LATER
I'm such a fraud
This is so empty
Yeah well ain't it just rad that you had sex a bunch of times in high school
Yeah, it was! Whole lot better than learnin' to understand Spanish!
At least Spanish will serve me for the rest of my life
Oh! Yeah! And I'd trade it all in a minute to have been President of the Equation of the Week club!
Congratulations a^2=b-1
Showbiz died
uh hello who is it please
I'm mixin' 7 & 7's, dude! You want one too, right?
Ray is that you man it's like four o'clock in the morning
Hey, let's call that new sandwich place downtown! Neutrino's? Terry says they do a really long Reuben. Like a foot.
We'll get Ruffles, turn on some music! Here, here's your 7 & 7.
Oh my god he's sleep-chillin'!
Careful, dogg. That drink's delicious, but it ain't permanent. Here, take mine while I mix up another.
DAMN'ET, LURQUILLA! ALL THET CHITTERCHAT AN' HE DONE RUN OFF!
WELL WHYN'T THET SUCH A BAD THING THEN, MAYNER?
'CAUSE HE'N GONE GET HIT BY A VEE-HICKLE AN' ALL HIS DNA EVIDENCE IS SETTIN' IN A LIL' HUCKITY-PUCK ON OUR FRONT GRASS!
SO TOSSET'N THE CRICK AN' LET THE CRAW-DAD ET IT!
THEM FBI GONE SEARCH THE AREA BUT GOOD WIT' DAWGS AN THEM DAWGS GONE SMELL HIS DNA WHAR IT SOAKT IN THE ROOTS OF THAT GRASS! ... SOME STINK YOU CAIN'T WASH 'WAY, WOMAN! IT'S JUST NATCHER!
WELL WHEN'T THEY GET HERE YOU GONE TELL THEM A ACID DOODIE BOY DONE CRAPPED THE LAWN! WHY THEY'D CARE 'BOUT YOU? YOU'S INNOCENT OF IT ALL!
I'S INNOCENT OF HIS FILTHY DEED BUT THEY COME IN HERE THEY GONE SEE ALL THEM PITCHERS'N'BOOKS 'BOUT CHERN-CHILLA RAISIN' AN' THEY'S GON' GO'N CHECK THE WOODSHED! ... IT'S PROBABLE CAUSE FER SHURE!
NOOOOO! THEY KEN'T TAKE MAH BAYBEES, MAYNER! THEY KEN'T NOT A ONE OF 'EM!
AN' THET'S WHY AH KEN'T TOSS THEM POOPIES IN THE CRICK, WOMAN! I GOT TO STAGE A LAWN-FIRE WHAT LOOKS CAUSEABLE!
WELL YOU BERN DOWN THE LAWN THEN MAYNER I'M GON' CHECK ON MY BAYBEE CHERNCHILLAS WHAT NEED ME SO.
I'MA JUST TORCH UP THET OLE MOWER WHAT RUSTED OUT AN' I NEVER PAID FOR ANYWAYS ... IT IS SENSIBLE WHAT IT WOULD BE ON THE LAWN GIVEN WHAT IT IS.
Fine, then! Don't be any help at all! BE completely a dick!
Yo Beef! Hey, man. Yo: did I, like, completely leave my medallion in the Volvo?
Phew! Oh, good. Good, man. RELIEF. Jesus.
Listen, would you do me a big favor and put it around your neck for safekeeping?
No, I'd really feel better if you wore it. It might fall out if you put it in your pocket.
Cool. Thanks, man. You got it around your neck now?
Feels kinda nice, huh? Yeah, it's got a real good weight to it!
Heh! Yeah, it IS kind of like there's a party around your neck, and everyone within reason is invited!
I...hold on, what?
Okay, uh huh, right. I, uh...Ray loves you too.
Uh, no, I guess we don't say it enough.
Well, that's the thing. I think promising to say it every day is kind of too much, you know?
It would be like if the Queen woke you up every morning. Too Special.
I have a friend who is quite skilled in Internet ways. You may have heard of him. His name is Roast Beef. In some circles he is known as The Quiet Digressor.
Dang I wonder catches in your throat harder than a cashew or a nasty old peanut
From his computer, he can make the keys of any keyboard in the world punch in and out though there be no hands nearby.
Holy christ the only anagram of "cashew peanut" is "wet, cheap anus!"
Therefore it needs no saying that he will make small work of finding the computer you are avoiding in Mombasa...
I got to call Ray
He would want to know
...and he will MAKE it PayPal me that twenty-five dollars LIKE A PLAYER PIANO! AND MORE!
Hey Beef! Can you find any computer on the Internet just from an email you got?
Well I can but I don't know about the rest of you picks-up-the-mouse-between-pushes types uh why do you ask
The hell Africa should have all the hottest e-mail scammers. That title should be ours, dude. Come over.
Dang, this place looks fancy!
Come on guys--- Fanciest Dinner In The World! My treat! I'm serious!
This place ain't no good! It's got... uh... it's got...
This lady got... like... two rats in this one salad! They... they were gettin' it on under the lettuce! Missionary style!
Daaamn! I'm gettin' me some Scallops Flambé and crackin' us some Moët!
That sounds good to me Let's eat
A very nice hair-cut, Mister Showbiz! But are you not coming in zee wrong door?
Huh no sir I ain't--
GET BACK TO WORK!
First part of any good hack is through misdirection
Gonna rain down a DOS storm from some false Brunein IPs
Scan all ports in reverse Fibonacci sequence and run T.I.C.K.L.E scripts
Cause seventeen ham pizzas to be delivered to the Yahoo Network Operations Center in Sunnyvale
...the deliverman: a one Mr. R. Beef Kazenzakis
SOON
PIZZA'S HERE!
dear NOC'ers!
Heyyyy, who invited Pat?
Very funny, Ray. Here, I brought some of my homemade chocolate-covered cherries.
Dang man Pat I love on chocolate-covered cherries
Only take one!
I'm serious. Who?
Frikkin' wasn't me! Guy sucks!
Uck pthaw what man what the hell is that that ain't chocolate-covered cherries
Oh, you know me, I can't resist improving the original while reducing fat and calories. I replaced the chocolate with potassium-enriched carob,
And instead of a nasty little cherry drenched in toxic alcohol, I've used prunes. It's 100% vegan.
That flavor was insanely raunchy
Perhaps you'll want to take that back when I tell you that this recipe won a contest on the official MOBY website!
AAAAIIIAUGH!
Shank 'em if ya got 'em, fellas!
Naturally, you need to diversify your product line a bit. Create a price-point spectrum.
Yeah! Yeah! 'Course!
"ChatSacks," as I'm calling them, will come in a dual-ball base model.
But what about the dude who wants his phone to have three balls?
Huh!
I give you...the ChatSack Triple-Play.
"Can't talk now, bro. I'm three-ballin'."
Of course, it doesn't stop there. We need to think of our platinum clientele. The creme de la creme.
F-F-Four balls?!
Interestingly, no. At this level, the market demands non-linear value. We go down to a single ball.
I give you...Solo, by ChatSack with Karl Lagerfeld.
Philippe! They recounted all the ballots, and guess what! You WON!
REALLY?!
Yes! It was a landslide! There's a big problem, though?
What? What's the problem, Lie Bot?
Mickey Mouse is on a radio call-in show threatening to shoot himself unless you give the presidency to George Bush! He even tapped the gun against the phone and fired a warning shot!
Oh no! If I take office, it will be like murdering Mickey Mouse!
Do the right thing, little guy. Don't let him pressure you.
No. I can't let him do it. What's the number of the radio show?
Okay, fine then. Here, I'll dial it for you.
Don't shoot yourself, Mickey! I will let George Bush be the President again!
THANK! YOU! PHILIPPE! THIS! IS A GREAT! DAY! FOR AMERICA!
Alright Beef! Pull up alongside me now!
We lookin' for an old gray van, no plates! I got Mr. Bear and Lyle headin' south on Route 38, so you try north!
Alright man Hell yes let's do this
What are all these extra switches under the dash for? These look like custom jobs!
If two fingers of Laphroaig will keep your filthy hands occupied, Lyle, then by all means flip #3.
What? No, I don't want to buy no damn piano! Do you know what time it is?! Don't call here--
Excuse me sir, but are you a single gentleman ?
So what if I am?
Sir, Ladies like Men who can play the Piano.
Hmmm. How much you gettin' for a piano these days, anyway?
Just sign the Contract, sir, and the Piano is yours.
Sheesh! This is long! Mind if I sign it now and read it later?
Not at All, Sir. Good Day.
Cool! And not even a down payment!
Beef! It's me, man! Your brother Mike! 'Sup!
Oh uh hey Showbiz listen I have some good news about Molly and me--
Look, man! Are you near a phone? I just need some quick cash, pay you back in like two days, max! You'll be at this same number, right?
We are getting married this summer and--
Wait--whoah! Hit the brakes, man! Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free, brah! Ha ha ha! Am I right?
Molly does not produce milk Showbiz
I see how it is! So I'm outta your life and it's all about her now, huh! You only got room for one of us, is that it? No more helpin' out your only brother? No more good times? We were gonna party, man! You're just gonna throw that all away?
Showbiz I said that my girlfriend's body is not lactating I did not say that we could no longer "party" or sit around and borrow money from me
Listen to how you're talkin', man! She's already go you by the short and curlies! You used to be off the hook, man! You used to be the mega party guy! The ichi-ban party muchacho! This chick is draggin' you down, man!
That son of a bitch is lying to my face so that nothing disturbs his handout structure will I've HAD IT dammit WHAT HAS HE EVER DONE FOR ME!
Look Showbiz if you want some cash you can be a busboy or pick up litter at the wedding that's my only offer
Sweet, man! I am just gonna get WRECKED on bridesmaids! Make sure they're hot, dude! And plenty of Cuervo! Chicks will do ANYTHING on Cuervo! THEY'LL EVEN LEZ OUT!
But where do they go from here Trouble Man?
Some write to say they get a pass on down to the old jumpin' dirt...
When they collect on a bum ticket such as your Miss Molly's
Man how do I get on down back there to see her can you help me
Well you got to make a commission now
You got to commission that we perform the murder act on you
Oka-
Oh, lord.
What's the matter?
Lyle is hogging our sole restroom once again, and once again he has not "courtesy flushed."
I thought only women courtesy flushed.
His lavatory mist evokes tripe boiled in bourbon and misspent nights with the business end of a naive but well-greased pepper mill. I would trade all that for a woman after only the briefest assessments of her character.
Maybe we can hire a woman to teach Lyle how to use the bathroom in a way that doesn't hurt others.
Perhaps we might engage Molly's services?
Well, I know she's had worse gigs, and Beef does want a pretty big new monitor for Christmas.
Okay, Lyle. You've already "imprinted" this house, so, for two weeks, ONLY use the corner gas station. You need to retrain your housemates.
Like Clockwork Orange, but with more crappin' at the gas station and less eye clamps! I getcha!
So, Téodor, heard from Penny lately?
She's at her sister's house in Berkeley. She said they might swing by here later on.
Wow!
Whatever. Leave me alone, Lyle.
That must be why I saw that bottle of mousse in there this morning
Take a hike.
Gotta look good for your Penny!
I'm trying to concentrate! Go bug someone else.
Word up! I look just like Archie!
Hey Vlad! You know anything about this club called Haunches?
Is it a pretty good club?
Yes, Vlad has lost many nights to the ladies there
Many ladies wake to but single rose and click of closink door
Also sometimes I am leavink my Yahoo messenger--
Alright! Alright Already! Is this place any good?!
Dang man is he braggin'
How do robots get it on anyway
BABY TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT I MAKE YOU MINE
Well would you look at that
Classic Ray
Old School all the way
Good thing I saw that 7-11
V8, Miller Lite and raw egg
There is balm in Gilead
If there is anyone here who knows a just cause why there two should not lawfully be joined in marriage, I implore you to speak now, or forever hold your peace.
Excuse me, Father, for I am Ray Smuckles.
You are forgiven. Proceed.
Roast Beef will fine what I am about to say very ... enlightening.
In 1975, scientists working at Harvard University created a man who had no chance of making it in this world. Hence, Roast Beef.
Understood. And your role in this was...?
I am the son of Dr. John Worhabus, the prominent entomologist from whose collection most of Roast Beef's DNA was harvested.
Being the same age, I was recruited to be his peer and observe him as he, "grew up."
And why do you address this congregation, sir?
Our experiment's funding has not been renewed. Molly, a voice actress from West Hollywood, has been a valuable asset, and may keep her gemstone. We will debrief Roast Beef out back in the Buick.
Thanks, everyone. You'll find a bowl of T-Mobile gift certificates in the vestibule as you exit.
Lord Absinthe, huh? That's a pretty cool goth name! I guess I got to get me one now too, huh?
I'ma be... I'ma be...
The Godfather of Souls!
Gothic dance!
Gothic dance!
Every-body Gothic dance!
If You Are Mad, That Is Not A Crime. Vol 9 No. 9
Alright, so I'll write a monthly column about men's groomin' tips for our magazine.
Paul Mitchell product placement. Good.
Actually, I was thinkin' more old school know-how. Like, how to properly clean your belly button. Who ever really got taught?
Huh! How DO you clean a belly button?
I got no idea. I ain't even looked inside this bad boy since I can remember.
Man, there is some gunk in here! It's all like dried and stuff!
Dang, this feels good... It's like... Q-Tip good...
Ow! OWWW! Damn, that stings!
OH! Oh, that is ILL! That is just WRONG, Ray!
Don't yell at me! You think I think this is right? Are you CRAZY?!
Don't call me crazy, fat boy! You done hella overstepped!
Jesus Christ, Tina! Shut up and call a doctor! LOOK AT ME!
Hey Ray uh how does the rhyme for rememberin' the calorie amount in Champagne go
Ain't it like "The bubble reduces by ten percent
Holy crap Tina what is this ?
Shut up, you stupid nerd! Call a doctor!
How did you sleep?
Oh uh not too good Did I keep snoring
Not too bad, I rolled you over a few times but that was it.
Man I had all these horrible dreams
Like in one an atom bomb went off not too far away and it lit up the sky and shook the earth more terrible than you can imagine
My first instinct as the mushroom cloud rose higher and the wind grew hot and fast around me...
was to check Yahoo News
It recently came to our attention that Achewood is not handicap-accessible!
We were like "WHAT say WHAT?! Hold on, nigga!"
DAAAAAAMN!
*It's like we care or something!*
Plus if blind people click on our link, we now have invisible jokes!
-.. -.- ..-- ... --- .-.. - -.- -.- .. ...
"Dogg did you convert the alt text to speech output today heh dang it was mucho-fuxxed"
"No I didn't oh but hey can your please re-forward me that recipe for opening a can of cherries"
Aight, doggy D. I got us a sample page from the Williams-Sonoma catalog. Think you can whip up some hot-ass love fiction around this junk?
I shall do my damndest to tease the nubbin from its sugar pea.
Customized to our specifications by a leading Eurasian manufacturer, this handy, freestanding unit will make short work of your next summertime slaw! $1,799
Pliable, self-adhesive sheet looks like red wax and neatly disguises the unpleasant, "ethnic"-looking rind of Manchego cheese. (Pack of four, disposable) $35
Before Long.
Judi Wright-Branch, recently "deposed" CEO of ePay Networks, watched from her bedroom window as Carter Thayer III parked his shiny new BMW convertible in the circular drive of her Hillsborough manse. He was there to see if her daughter was home; she was not. She was spending the weekend with friends in Aspen.
Carter was that perfect specimen of young male physiology. His whippet-like frame could deliver pleasure as assuredly as the corner of a gently agitating, freestanding cabbage corer- hour after hour, climax after sweaty, giddy climax.
But what to make of the obfuscator?
Striding lithely to the front door in her sheer lavender La Bruna chemise, she paused to remove the cheese board from the refirgerator. She was shocked to see but a solitary wedge of Manchego.
As a parent, she knew instinctively that he would need this protein in order to maintain an agreeable mood; however, she also knew that someone his age would balk at the unfamiliar appearance of the cheese's rustic, woven rind.
Quickly, she applied and trimmed a sheet of Manchego obfuscator. He would see the cheese as nothing more than domestic white cheddar, and greedily wolf the wedge down with crackers. For ordering information, please see page 47.
Initial Review Session.
I... dude! You can't end this here! I got a hot nut on loan from Hell! Write the rest! NOW!
There is such a thing as "going past the sale," Ray.
Look, I'll pay you sixty bucks. Total sideline. Just... write down exactly what happened at that mansion.
Hello
Uh hello Pat are you home
Pee-yew man what is that stench
Smells like someone sauteéd a raccoon
Pat are you here it's Roast Beef
I'm returnin' that Noam Chomsky video you made me rent from you
I only watched like six minutes of it so I guess I should get like at least a partial refund
Well if he isn't here he can't charge me to use the toilet
Oh my god what the hell he even locks it when he's not home !
Hold on I think that smell is coming from in there
Oh dang it is
ASIDE: Pat's electrocution awakened a long-dormant spell embedded in the Native American turquoise amulet he carried in his pocket.
Do you like clover, Mr. Bunny? I like to FEED you clover!
Remember when we were kids, and we could spend all day just jumpin' our bikes? Totally catchin' some air, biggest thrill in the world...
All wreckin' and smashin' my junk on the crossbar
All unable to breathe for eleven minutes
Vas Deferens all filling with blood
Heh! I don't think you EVER went off a jump without crackin' your cashews!
My dang old bozack was swole up like a little angry plum most of the time
Picture THAT if you would
Whoah! No thanks!
Throbbin' kinda slowly at first
Then more quickly as I get closer to the jump
Hey! Cool it!
oh crap oh goodness
Hey BEEF! You landed on your NUTS again! How come?
Hey hey! Looks like we finally found downtown!
Maybe you should put the pants back on the dancin' Santa
Oh! Right--
Say, this place looks good! Pull over, Beef!
Sheesh. Remember just watchin' Mr. Wizard? I never gave diabetes a thought back then. But now, man. But now.
Dogg you ain't even got diabetes you just predisposed to it 'cause you eat a wedge of brie in the manner of pie
But I'm French! French dudes can get away with that stuff! It shouldn't be a problem!
French dudes also walk several miles each way to buy an artichoke or a fig
Last I checked you'd circle for twenty extra minutes just to get a parkin' spot directly in front of the store
You're sayin' I park like a bitch! I ain't park like a bitch! Retract, dude! Retract.
Oh man you totally park like a bitch since forever You park like a bitchy-bitch bitch-bitch You park like you are the main bitch in all the land
Huh?! Man, this is totally outta left field! I'm goin', "What?"
Seriously when men see your car-parking technique they go "I bet I have no chance with a bitch as nasty as that" But when you get out of the car the men go huh I guess it was no bitch at all just a bitchy-bitch bitch man
Well, as you know, I'm on bed rest while I recover from the shooting.
The Spice Channel was kind enough to outfit me with a wireless keyboard so that I can transcribe the shows in real-time from the comfort of my duvet.
Plus, your job is to watch porno all day!
Truthfully, Ray, the endless parade of mechanical sex becomes rather dull rather quickly.
Oh, so you don't like it?
I shouldn't grouse. There are worse way of making a living, I suppose.
I asked for Ranchero sauce on this taco you stupid goddamned bitch!
In Soviet Russia, Bea Arthur says dyke is YOU!
Oh hee hee man ain't that the truth
In Soviet Russia, bustry Japanese model goes to website of YOU!
Oh hee man you can take THAT to the bank
Dude, of course you're gonna have your wedding and reception at my digs! Are you crazy? It's gonna save you twenty dillion clams! My Friday party got much of the infrastructure anyhow, and plus I expense it all for Prime Time!
SEPARATELY.
Actually, I *am* a priest. A church, to be precise. It's to do with tax law and the clumsy state of American re-immigration in the early 1980s.
Of course I'd be delighted!
Alright men, the correct answer was C, the ZZ Top Eliminator.
As you know, the Eliminator was the only choice that fit the following four Badass car categories:
Now, for your next challenge, we have nature's ultimate litmus test.
Each of you must approach him. If he snarls and growls, he considers you a chump.
Hi boy! Good dog! Good BOY, Magnus!
ARFAFFARROWR! GRRRAT-GRROWRRR!
/No...NO! Oh dear god please stop!/
"You: go away before you get the whole pack killed, or I'll kill you myslf."
Hey look! He's not barking at Cornelius! He's...he's sitting down!
Wait, did he just...
awrrr?
Oddly enough...
Oh boy! What a fun idea!
SOON.
Hello! I am the toilet!
Great Scott!
Nobody should smoke!
Philippe! Get out of here! My heavens!
There is a sale on Cadillacs!
Ha ha! Yeah, it's like, once he marries this bitch, it's bye-bye cash flow! She's totally gonna shut me down!
'Course I got a plan, man! I'm gonna take pictures of him doin' a stripper down in Acapulco Mexico!
Then I'm gonna give her the photos at the altar, when they ask for the wedding ring! Ha ha ha ha hahaha! He'll be so fucked!
Alright Keith F, I gotta go do some plop-plops. Oh no way, you too? Perfect, man!
Hnaah! Time to set up my new shower cam! Might as well see the bitch naked before she goes... maye she'll finger...
Man what the hell here who left some jinkety-assed homescript media player open on my damn computer?!
Oh, Téodor! From the Elvis Costello messageboard to this!
I never thought I'd be married to a cute little bear...father was so agitated when I told him!
I think we all have some adjusting to do, my love.
I'm so sorry you didn't like the buffet, darling. I admit, British food may be a bit challenging at first.
Who eats braised ivy? And what was with that owl all smeared in mayonnaise? That was depressing.
Téodor! It's our wedding day! Try to be positive.
A fox fighting an eel, suspended in aspic. It was like a Nine Inch Nails video.
Phillippe, I'm Steve DeNeuve,
The very fact that I'm here means your friends must care a great deal about you.
Now... you're going home to live with your mother, is that right?
Yes! I finally get to sleep in my old bed with the big ropy afghan and see dad's wooden ship model that's on the bookcase again!
Very good. Your father passed away when you were young, is that right? I'm sorry if this raises bad memories.
...yeah. He was a really fun guy, but I guess he didn't live healthy. All mom says is that he "went on his own terms."
Mm hmm. Do you remember the old dinner plates - the beige ones with dark brown oak leaves and acorns painted around the edges?
Oh, boy! 'Course I do! I can see the hot pork chops on 'em now!
Exactly. And that Christmas when you made a crossbow out of a coat hanger and the elastic from an old pair of underwear?
Oh my gosh! HOOOME! I can't wait to get home again!
Holy daikon root Batman
Man this is like what they let out behind a dragster
Or such as they would use to tell the direction of wind at a simple rural airport
Doc! Doc! I think he's wakin' up! His hands are movin'!
It could also be used to hold about seven lemons Or by zoo workers who need to safely handle an electric eel
Your birthday's coming up, babe. Would you like to do anything special, maybe?
Oh man she wants to go to a bed and breakfast
What is with a bed and breakfast anyway
All some husband who got talked into running a bed and breakfast cooking "not chef"-quality scrambled eggs when you smile into the dining room
All no man in the world understanding the appeal of anything that is happening
So Jim it says here that when you retired your wife talked you into opening a bed and breakfast
No. I did not.
So these days you get up at six a.m. to scramble eggs for people who think it's a real high time to sleep in a room full of your wife's cheap antiques ?
That about sums it up.
Vase of dried hydrangeas, vase of dried acanthus, or vase of dried rununculas ? which would you rather throw at your wife ?
All thr?hey, that wasn't nice.
Since the operation do you notice that you are less aggressive and don't mark the furniture as much ?
Go ahead and laugh, young man. Seriously... while you still know how.
I'm cookin' us up some salami sandwiches, cooked up real good!
What on earth for.
In case we ain't got enough skeleton bones to eat down at the graveyard! Duh!
Oh, and I'm gonna bring some Sunny D in case there ain't enough blood to go 'round.
You are SUCH a poseur, Uncle Ray.
Hey, that's Godfather of SOULS to you!
Heh heh!
A doo-da doo-da doo-da do!
Say, Pat? Ray here. Shutup shutup. You got a number for that Nice Pete character?
Hello Ray this is Pete returning your call
Sorry I didn't pick up but at the time I was cutting off one of my fingers on the Internet
... I'm sorry you missed it too I guess I had better get you on my mailing list
Man what would make this quesadilla really tasty is some dashes of hot sacue
Dude, let me hit that with a little of this new Doctor Lunatic "Assisted Suicide" habanero sauce I just got!
Jesus Ray why don't you just throw my food away and mace my mouth
Mouth Mace! Daaamn! Maybe it's time we got into the hot sauce game! All you need is the right marketing, Beef. Seriously.
All selling it in a canister with a belt clip
Logo all an actual photo of a German Shepherd named Yard Dancer being destroyed by the county
Yeah! Yeah! Lots of hot sauces say they're extreme, but none really take you outside of your moral comfort zone!
All coming with a DVD of those internet video clips where like third-world people explode dynamite under elephants
Soundtrack all just "Yesterday" by the Beatles
No.
Three bad dudes.
Oh I been in prisons all over this land
Food was best at Big Blue
Why do they keep movin' you around?
I keep killin' my cell mates
Oh I know what you're thinkin' Pat
Is he gonna kill me too
The answer is I don't know
Killin' is a special thing
It's a special thing you do
I guess you are becoming a man now, Little Nephew. My, where do the years go.
Now, you have to understand, getting one's Bone on is a big responsibility!
Are you sure you're ready?
I...I think so.
I even have some cologne.
Never mind cologne! have you got a jimmy hat?
Y-yes.
Good! Now...you know how to put the jimmy onto your wee-wee, right?
What? No, I don't want to buy no damn piano! Do you know what time it is?! Don't call here-
Excuse me sir, but are you a single gentleman?
So what if I am?
Sir, Ladies like Men who can play the Piano.
Hmmm. How much you gettin' for a piano these days, anyway?
Just sign the Contract, sir, and the Piano is yours.
Sheesh! This is long! Mind if I sign it now and read it later?
Not at All, Sir. Good Day.
Cool! And not even a down payment!
CONTRACT. This Piano shall grant the Buyer Incredible Powers of Musicianship until the Time of the Buyer's Death. At Said time of Death, the Seller shall receive, as Payment, the Buyer's Soul, and shall Own the Buyer's soul for all Eternity. SIGNED (buyer) =Ray= SIGNED (seller) lucifer DATE...
Fellows, I've evaluated Ray's condition after the softball injury.
I have good news, and I have bad news.
Is Ray...retarded now?
The bad news is, yes, Ray will be intellectually diminished for about twelve days, until the swelling in his brain goes down.
What's the good news?
Ray has a document which gives me power of attorney to commit him to a care facility until he gets better. This way he can't hurt himself or be taken advantage of.
May I see the instrument, Doctor? Just for the sake of things, you know.
Of course.
Dear Doc Andretti,
Ray? RAY?
Snap out of it, Ray!
Hey! HEY! Wake UP!
What the...spray-painted styrofoam discs?
Hoo-oooo!
Boss kaleidoscope, Beef!
Man I was digging through all my old kid stuff in the attic this morning man
Check this thing out
Ha ha!
With that coonskin cap on, you look like you're 69ing with the dudes from ABBA!
Three dudes can't 69 man think about it
Actually, they can.
It's called the Isosceles Lock.
Invented by the dudes from ABBA, the Isosceles Lock has revolutionized...
Whoah, it's Vlad!
Ha ha!
Beef, tell me what comes to mind when you think of me. First thing. Be honest. Go. Say it. Now.
Well uh dogg I mean uh you a straight-up ass man 'til end of days.
Right! Exactly! But lately I been... I don't know anymore, man! I...it's like somethin's changed with me!
Oh dogg are you serious are you swingin' the other way
Bubble-butt Dominicas, jiggly Cuban mamacitas in painted-on tights...it's like I seen it all before, man! I get no radish!
Maybe we ain't meant to draw from the same well our whole lives you know
Maybe it's the divine plan that you finally graduatin' on up
Dude...you a breast man, Beef?
Recumbent Tai-Chi, huh. I got a special move I want to discuss with you.
uh huh yeah cool uh you'll want to do that while he's re-centering his chakra.
Has his eyes closed and takes about six minutes.
Do it when his eyes are closed? Where's the honor in that?
There ain't no honour in any category where this guy is concerned trust me.
Just have fun with it
Alright, Leander! You're tall! Come help me out.
I... AM... RUUUDE!
Some have said he was weaned on chicken milk and cocaine
Son of Rodney?
He wakes up with Hennessy and oysters I know that much
I heard he doesn't like music
I don't care what you ask me the boy's rude
Can't we prank Cathy TOMORROW? I'm tired.
She's the last one on the list Come on Ray
All right. But I ain't got a lotta firepower.
You won't need it
Hello- Cathy?
Hello! This is Cathy! Ack! Sorry, I just got out of the shower and I'm not even dressed yet! ACK!!! Where's my TOWEL?
Now I gently push you back against the pillows. I pull you close and breathe you in. Your scent is delicious.
Ack! It's just Johnson & Johnson! No More Tears!!! It's all I use!
Cathy... Cathy...have my retarded baby
So Pat thinks he can block me from messageboard! Is ridiculous assumption.
In fact, why don't we make things interestink for dear friend Pat.
Welcome to Pat's Subway!
Where Klansman get a FREE 12" upgrade EVERY day.
Click here for photos of Pat at Sturgis 2002.
Do you like big ole titties? Click..
Look what I found on eBay!
Nice!
Let me watch your chat. I'll tell you if she likes you.
You'll know for sure?
Yeah. Go for it.
Hmm. She seems happy to see you again.
Alright!
A reference to something you said last time!
That's pretty good, isn't it!
Yeah. Now tell her that you like long, deep kisses with the eyes wide open. Chicks love that.
...long, deep kisses...
The KID who ended the MAFIA!
A crime-adventure lesson by Philippe!]]
SSSH!
"Yo, Boss?" said the Mafia man. "It's Johnny Phone Calls. Yeah, we got ridda' the body."
"Right, boss," he said. "Mikey Car Rides took 'im out to Jersey and Freddy Guns did the rest."]
"I am sorry I did that, Johnny," said the kid, "but today I am ending the Mafia."]]
but today I am ending the Mafia.
"Aww jeez!" said Johnny. "You mean I'm outta a job?"
too late. A hidden crook was only one second from kicking him.]]
Oh no!
Fortunately, the kid grabbed the guy's foot just in time and convinced him to quit the Mafia.]]
Phew!
Later that night, sitting down with the President of the Mafia, the kid said how things would be from now on.
The President slapped his forehead. "No wonner we been-a so grouchy!"
I get VERY nice on this stuff.
Daaamn, motherfucker, it be some FRIDAY up in this drag!
Oh man what do you want
I been dealin' with yo' nonsense all week, skunk! It's MY turn to party!
Okay fine how does a stomach like to party
ULLURGH! BLUUURGH!
Aww yeah, homeboy! FLEXIN'! We FLEXIN'! Front row at my A-game, anyone?
Oh man don't do that it ain't cool
Don't get in my way, boy. Here's one I call "Nose AND Mouth". Chef's specialty.
NO no wait okay uh what can I do to make you not do that
Attaboy. You kick down some milk toast- NO cinnamon, NO sugar- I am talkin' STRAIGHT milk toast... none 'a that Hollywood stuff... maybe I don't flex.
Alright cool I mean tit for tat right anything else I can send on down
Yeah, man. Scare up some cranberry juice?
Man I hate cranberry juice that stuff just curdles on the tongue
Cranberry's a favor for my boys down in renal. Politics, holmes. Hup hup. Play the game.
Alright cool I'll drink cranberry juice but maybe this weekend can you let a burger and some poppers slide
Tell you what. You eat lunch and when your lady hits the head we go out and lose that news real fast in the begonias.
Oh man just like spelling bee day
Old times, old crimes. Miss you, brother.
Why Roast Beef is runnink away in such hurry? Is Mormon?
Maybe because that's his girlfriend eatin' sandwiches on your webcam, Vlad.
Damn. He's probably on his way to get her outta there right now. Total Lloyd Dobler-style, all holding his wireless laptop over his head,
Internet Explorer all displaying job listings from Monster.com...
Hi
I'm Barry
What's up
Not much Barry
How about you
There hasn't been bait on the hook all night
What are you doing
Oh uh I didn't want to catch anything
I just like being out here
I know what you mean
I come up here when I need to get away from the missus
So you're married huh
Hey, I brought some Guinness up. Want one?
Dang that is like my favorite beer ever
No kidding
SOON
... so the next day she takes one of those home pregnancy tests
I can practically hear her hummin' Here Come the Bride through the bathroom door
Was this before or after Janeane finally called
Maybe I should pray to Jesus and the Lord that the bed will be dry tomorrow! That's what Mom would say to do.
Dear God and Jesus,
I know that I peed in the bed last night. I am sure that this was part of your plan for me.
I have learned from this lesson. I will work hard to improve my life and the lives of others.
I will make meals for the homeless.
I will volunteer at rest homes, and help the elderly.
I'll watch movies with burn victims, and mist their eyes if they don't have any eyelids left.
Actually, instead of that last one I could just help at the library or something.
Oh, what the hell.
Dear Leon Sumbitches,
Sure, I'll help you with your Africa-America money transfer. I've actually been known to have a little money of my own, so I am familiar with the way cash seems and behaves.
Just to keep things moving, I transfered $5,000 to an account I opened in your name at the Bank of Mombasa. Use it to cover any fees which may arise.
I hope we can meet soon and chat about all this. Can you fly to America, ideally California? We have these things called burritos out here, they are an ideal foodstuff and I want to open a chain of burrito restaurants in your country. Of course.
Ideally I would just send you the money to open the burrito chain and then play a silent partner role, but if you want the security of my handshake, I suggest we meet.
I suggest this.
Write soon, I am not a sleepy man so I will be awake. In Christ, Ray Smuckles, America.
RAY! If you could please focus for five seconds!
Sorry, man! That chochicha had some hangin' naturals!
Hee hee!
We were going over 10-Q reports for the furniture industry.
I bet her name was Michelle!
I BET her name was Michelle, dude!
I've got to get this guy's mind off of women for God's sake
Say, Ray, did you know that during lovemaking your penis repeatedly bumps up against a viscous plug of hard cervical mucus?
Huh? Hold on, WHAT?
It's like Charlie Chaplin's hat, only much smaller.
Tiny cervical mucus hat. Monopoly meets Fear Factor. Today, I am a genius.
Mr. Smuckles! How do you plan to repair budget discrepancies between the Barrett Acres and Hilltop school districts?
E-mail that totally good question to me. You are completely smart to ask that. Next?
Mayor! Local merchants are being forced out of business by big-box chain stores! What is your position?
E-mail or text me that question. I ain't on IM lately, some Finnish guy thinks I'm his cousin. Next?
Mayor Smuckles! How do you plan to deal with newspaper subscription and charity solicitors outside of local grocery stores?
With extreme prejudice! High-pressure lemon juice, private white vans, de-federalized BMX black ops riders. The best of the best. You've touched a nerve, journalist!
DARK HORSE RAY SMUCKLES UP 82+ POINTS OVER EVERY CANDIDATE IN EVERY COUNTRY CURRETNTLY IN AN ELECTION YEAR - SPEARS FINALLY BLOWS HER STACK: LOWERS LID ON CONVERTIBLE
Phillippe! When did you start wearing eyeglasses?
My mom sent them to me. I haven't been seeing well.
My heavens! May I administer an eye test?
Okay
Here, what does this say?
I don't know any of those words.
Oh, I'm sorry! This is Catullus in the original Latin! Naughty me!
Who's Catullus?
Catullus was the first poet who ever got his Bone on, little man!
Daaamn! Seven AM and nobody around for omelettes! Maybe I'll just burn one and hit the hay.
Kids, always sleep stoned!
Man, when was the last time I was on eBay?! I'm craaazy for that shit!
Dude, it sucks how they organize this.
Here--let's try somethin'.
Welcome to... eBay Platinum Reserve
Congratulations. By thinking like the world's greatest, you have unlocked a wealth of incredible opportunities.
Come inside and see a category of items only available on...eBay Platinum Reserve!
GET. THE. BIGGEST. LASER.
Generates solid red laser beam 3 feet around and 500 miles long! Who's the guy with the biggest laser in the country? Women want to know him, men want to copy his drink. Buy It Now $2,500,000.
HEAD OF KEITH MOON
You won't find body parts on regular eBay--"it's illegal" :) --but here at ePR, we play by our own rules. Pale green, both eyes open, delighted expression. Eyes may close in transit - there is no technology to guard against this. Delighted expression seems fairly fixed. Buy It Now $4,700,000
AIRWOLF
The first (of 7) Bell 222 choppers to appear in the legendary TV series. Personally delivered by Jan Michael Vincent, who will land, shake your hand, and call you Ace. Buy It Now $20,100,000.
Oh no way! This guy's using his Blackberry to blog the Fight from inside the Acres! That's gotta be a first.
Let's see if there's anything about Ray
He took Sipes?! Oh my god! GO RAY!
Ray wouldn't roll with guys like that! What's goin' on? And what's with this "best mate" stuff?
H-Hey guys! Didja ever see MY romance novel?
When did you learn how to read and write, Todd?
I didn't! It's one 'a them audio-books!
HEY I THINK IT'S IN THE TAPE DECK I'LL JUST REWIND IT
Yeah, I had a good little chat with Pat yesterday. Let him know we're all cool with him bein' gay and stuff.
Nice. I couldn't figure out if I should call him or not.
Hey Pat, this is Téodor. Hey... I just wanted to say, uh...good job on...well...congratulations on coming out. I mean, of the closet. The...gay...closet. Yesterday.
Nah, don't worry about it. He's still kind of weird about certain basic aspects of the whole thing.
I'm thinking of gettin' him a little sedan or something, you know, maybe in a week or two.
Why?
Man, he's driving like a 1979 Mustang with politics bumper stickers! Ain't no fresh young daddy gonna spring into that thing.
Aren't there certain cars that gay guys like better than sedans? Like red Jeep Wranglers, I think that's one.
I know the photo shoot you're thinkin' of--that one where both dudes have those yellow suede workboots? --but in reality the Wrangler is a totally horrible car. Thing handles like a damn keg.
I got this theory that all gay dudes secretly want practical four-door sedans. This is my way of sayin' to Pat, "Hey, man. We ain't need no frontin' around here. Just be you."
You might also want to include that in a written note, because Pat will have no idea why you just bought him a sedan.
You'd be surprised, T. Gay guys think like in an instant.
Next time you're over I'll show you my video of these secret soccer trials they ran on gay dudes back in the 70s. These guys make Pele look like a donkey with a helmet.
Little Nephew What in HELL are you wearin'?!
Jeez! Shut UP Uncle Ray!
What's... where's... how do I even begin to describe your pants/underwear situation?!
I don't know! How about by shutting up!
You couldn't wear your pants any lower, so you made pants for each leg! SAY IT!
Jeez! It's the style! Shut UP!
How come you kids are so GOD DAMNED stupid and just do the stupidest thing possible every SINGLE SECOND OF THE GOD DAMNED DAY!
I'm LEAVIN'! I ain't NEVER comin' back!
Dear Diary,
Yes? Hello?
TODD?! What the damn hell you doin' callin' me on the telephone! You in rehab! You can't use no damn phone! What if you order crack?
You break the hell back IN to that place!
Don't you threaten me! I was doin' you a favor!
Hell yes the leeches were part of that favor!
I'm sorry. My...uh... my colleague is a terrible man.
You get back in rehab and you get a leech on you! Immediately, Todd! I'm not kidding! I had to pay for those babies up front!
Dude made me a fortune on Wall Street last year.
Candle at both ends, though. Harsh.
Man I am sick of all this bull crap
I think I'm gonna take a "me" day
Go on down to the underground and live it up Beef-style
I got MY way of doing things and MY way of lookin' so PISS OFF
$47.61
32AM 8/15/2003
41A
$0.35
54AM 8/15/2003]]
Oh, snap! Bensington Butters just signed KC 185-Loot! I was all hyped to land them on Prime Time! DAMN him!
Bensington Butters, sir? I regret I--
Look, that's Butters, on the left. Look how proud he is of his eyes.
Did you know that he has it in his contract that you have to look into his eyes?
They are rather nice eyes, sir.
Such eccentricities become the stuff of legend, sir. It might be advisable to develop a few of your own, in your line of... work.
Huh. You might be right.
Possible myths about me:
So I heard you're monk dimin' Ray that is rough miles
At first, yeah. It was hard to come to where I'm at now. Lots of long walks, lots of late-night calls. But I'm resigned to it. I'm at peace with this process.
That must have been a raw while man
Look at it this way. If you think about it, what was the worst aspect of the 1980s?
Oh uh the hair definitely
Exactly. So, like, hair is retro... childish, in a way. Havin' hair at our age is like wearin' three Swatches and poppin' a boner at your grandma's house.
Yeah man all pretendin' to be engrossed in the Reader's Digest Large Type Edition with your legs crossed for three hours
I had a good run, Beef. I'll always remember it. But hair is like Johnny Cash— It only exists to let you know you're dyin'.
Dammit, Ray! What! Do! You! Want! Quick now! Quick! QUIIIICK!
Pat! Me and the rest of the boys are pitchin' in and gettin' Roast Beef and Molly a forty-eight state minigolf RV tour for their honeymoon!
Oh, Jesus! What's the cheapest I can go in for?
Uh...you can sponsor their Chain of Behavior ID cards. Three saw-bucks each.
What in the devil is Chain of Behavior?
Well, there was this thing at minigolf courses where doo-wop guidos* and sniffle-tip cholos** couldn't behave, and used the nice metal putters to bang on the mini-golf landscape as well as each other.
That's why when you go to play THESE days, they give you some insurance policy-friendly rubber putter with no damn feel. Drives me mad.
Huh. I buy that.
...present your Chain of Behavior card at any course, though, and you can use a real putter.
How do you qualify?
Way easy. You just play a round at your local without dumpin' a Slurpee down the ramp in front of the windmill, or squeezin' a hoochie mama's box through her pants while near a family, and you're in.
Coarse, but it's at least a step in the right direction. Fine, put me down.
Game's been ruined too long by hickety-hi dip wiggers and their muffin toppin' AWOL babysitter chicacitas, you ask me.
You said WHAT to Molly?
Whoah. Not cool, Beef.
Yeah, flowers go without sayin'. But seriously, dogg, you're in card territory.
God what is with all these idiotic categories why ain't every dang card just blank inside
Man I think I'll start my own damn card company I mean it ain't like everybody don't got the same basic ruined life as me and need the same damn cards!
I'm Sorry I Forgot All Kinds of Stuff About You; I Was Having a Panic Attack
I'm Sorry I Freaked Out On Red Bull And Made You Call The Doctor
Sorry About Yesterday
I'm Sorry I Pretend That I Don't Read The Drudge Report
Some Trashy White People Named Their Baby Jaylen? Dammit Woman Some Of Us Have Work To Do (inside) I'm Sorry Baby Look I Been Real On Edge Lately
Sorry I Said "Ta-Da!" When I Jumped Out Of The Shower After Whining About Having An Embolism All Day I Know I'm A Roller Coaster
Roast Beef! You got to join our all-stoned slow pitch softball team!
Oh uh no thanks dogg I ain't like weed or or softball or teams on the balance
I know that! Don't act like I don't know that! You think I just fell off the not knowin' you boat yesterday?
So why you whinin' at me then man I mean I knew your mom was a bitch but I didn't know she had a puppy
Don't do a grody mouth! I'm serious! I want everyone to be happy and cook hot dogs and hit! The hell you should flap your boys in my face!
I will only join your team if I can play inside a plexiglass chamber that has little baby incubator arms so I can grill
I...of course! Man, you act like I don't even know you.
Yer'n a funny li'l feller, pip-squeak! Whats't yer name?
I'll tell you if you tell me where they take the old couches!
Aw'll heck, couches'n cherss all go on the barge same as what. We'n sell 'em to China whar they got not enough of 'em t'begin with, y'ken.
What barge? Where?
C'mere'n I show ya. 'hit's docked out in channel, waiting 'fer the tug.
RAY?! I didn't know YOU were here! Let's get this party started!
Look uh Showbiz Ray is in pretty bad shape
You know any place we could go to freshen up for the night
Hey RAY! 'Member some 'a the DRINKS we used to make as KIDS?
Hah! Quiz me, Biz!
Alright, smart guy! What's in a... Satellite TV!
HAH! A hard boiled egg stuck with toothpicks, olives on the end of the toothpicks! Gin... to cover!
Heh! How 'bout... The Drink of Tomorrow!
Blue curacao with Styrofoam peanuts! Ha ha!
You remember The Devil's Dictionary?
Whoo boy! Tequila while you watchin' the SPICE channel! And you gotta be...
...hella yellin' about the sex!
What's with all the asparagus?
It's for Todd.
Quit yappin' and get ready, Téodor! This one's gonna be good!
Go, then!
How fast was that one?
We ain't gonna beat Downtown Danny with times like these, Todd.
Tina?! What ... ?
Oh my goodness Ray, I didn't...
What ees the matter Tina Who ees thees man
Yeah, exactly what I'm thinkin'!
Um, Ray, this... this is Mantonio.
Where'd you pick up this piece of work?!
Was some gay magician havin' a garage sale?
Or did your hands meet in the dumpster behind Olive garden! Scram!
You found what, Téodor?
Naw, Man! I don't use no chumpy Yahoo personals. Talk about your people who eat nachos at every meal!
Of COURSE I think that people who use Yahoo Personals eat nachos at each meal. Hypocrite?! Hey, that was my BIRTHDAY, asshole!
Hold on now. This ad has a PICTURE of me? Doin' what?
"It looks like I'm bragging." Huh. Thanks, T. Say, are you all split on green? Is this some kind of low shenanigan?
Aw man! Some internet guy is saying that I like to pour wine along my pecker! I HATE days like today.
THE BOILING LOG
Say, man! Why not set this stuff to a hip-hop beat!
Dude, did you just invent... hip-hobbit?
I...I think I did, dude! Daaamn! Look at this man!
Beat box my dwarf-core, dude! Ready?
uh-pfuh uh-pssssh uh-pfuh uh-pssssh
ugh
Part of loving a woman is accepting Sting
Wait "stay with me" "be my love" "gold" she knows
I better do this before I wake up all the way
Molly will you marry me
This James Bond, an English spy and bon vivant, seems to be the preeminent entertainer of their time.
Oh, yeah. James Bond is the 'mackinest.
Heh! There was even this one movie where James Bond went to the moon and got his Sperm on!
Ray's colorful language described a rather interesting, complex character.
'Course, they never show James Bond actually mackin'. He's way too classy for that.
Ray! Mark Twain doesn't want to know about that kind of thing! Be polite!
Apparently this James Bond is outfitted with a remarkable array of clever futuristic gadgetry.
He's got a pen that's actually a time bomb!
Yes! Good!
Am strongly considering giving Huck Finn a straw boater which shoots fire from the crown.
All right, I'll take a crack at it.
Harry sat on the edge of the diving board, intently tracing circles in the deep end with his toe. Had it all been a dream?
Ron exploded from the water like a jubliant dolphin. No, Harry smiles - it hadn't. Ron had come over at some point and jumped into the pool.
"Hey Ron," he asked, "Do you fancy some Burger King?" Harry fancied some Burger King, but knew that Ron was dicey about eating. "Oh," Ron answered. "Maybe a milkshake. You driving?"
"No, Hermione's driving," Harry answered. "She just took delivery of that large brown Barracuda." "Oh. Right. I'm not oging to feel safe in that thing, you know." "Come on, Ron. Just come to Burger King with us. We'll only take surface streets, no freeways, and I'll make the payment for your milkshake."
"Fucking hell," Ron sighed, climbing out of the water. "I'm not even hungry."
Hagrid, stoned out of his gourd, emerged from the house. He was playing virtual poker on his wireless laptop, and his robe hung open. His tremendous canvas briefs were visible, and a large diamond stud sparkled on his earlobe. Oblivious to his surroundings, he took a misstep and fell into the pool. He tried to chuck the laptop to safety, but it clattered into the spa.
Ron and Harry winced and looked downward.
"We made too much money," said Harry. "Yes," said Ron, quietly. "We made too much money."
Uh Ray I'm feelin' a little dizzy
It's just nerves, dogg! Get on out that stage and be born ANEW!
Uh... what's going on here
A leitmotif of identity and desperation
Brilliant.
Smacks of Kerouac and Kierkegaard.
Why am I up here?
Exactly. And why am I down here?
In his humility germinates the defining anti-vanity of the coming decade.
Oh... uh... I have a guitar. I guess I should play a song.
Unremitting hilarity, a la Sartre.
a two way deadpan between audience and artist. exhilarating.
Brilliant.
Ahhh. The Day Tripper intro, ad nauseam.
Apollo, why doth thou born this candle at both ends?
Mr. Vice President, you have a remarkable voting record in Congress. In your considerable term there, you voted against:
Meals on Wheels for senior citizens, a holiday recognizing Martin Luther King, the release of Nelson Mandela...
... free headphones in coach class, nets of any kind on public school basketball hoops, self-adhesive stamps, USB ports...
... journalists have even uncovered the rough workings of a bill, sponsored by you, that would criminalize, quote,
"all telephone handsets not connected to the cradle by means of a curly wire."
Did you just come in?
I...I ain't really sure.
Ah, good. My new security system's working. I paid dearly for it. I wish I hadn't, but there you go. The man was inflexible.
Can...um, do you have a phone we can use? We might be lost.
Lost? Welcome! There, you're found. Isn't hospitality amazing? It has transformative powers. The only thing missing is the smell of hot food. I have none.
Oh, okay. Thanks, man.
You were asking about a phone. I haven't got one. I find them possessive. I find them rude. A phone is like a woman who hates you. It's all she does.
Whew. Yeah, yeah. Right. Exactly. Listen, you got like e-mail access or anything?
E-mail! Now THAT'S something I've ben wanting to talk to someone about. Come inside. I bought a computer, but I'm a little behind on the idea. Maybe you two can help me. It sounds like you can.
Halloween's comin' up, squirt--- you got a costume picked out?
Oh! Yes! I'm going to be a princess!
A boy princess? How's that work? Like, little underpants with a banana in the front?
Princess Philippe and Underpants Dan are gonna save...
... the WORLD!
BUT WAIT! WHAT IF THE ENEMY... IS INSIDE OF US?!
Good point! We'd better go... to the DOCTOR!
Say! He could be my sidekick, like Ariel and Sebastian!
And I could be mean to you guys! Princesses always got a wicked stepmom or somethin'!
Oh, boy! Let's practice!
You suck, chica! You'll never finish sweepin' before the prince marries that jota from Kinko's!
Don't listen to him, Dan!
WHOA! I'm in the backyard for five minutes and you guys go Off-Broadway? What the hell?!
This is my Halloween costume!
No, this is me spending the rest of my natural born life at the bottom of the prison food chain! Close the blinds and take that banana out of your shorts!
Jesus Christ, Lyle! Does our front window always have to be a glimpse into the think tank for deadly sins eight through fourteen?
I'm havin' Todd over for spaghetti dinner and ipecac pilates at seven. Science don't get paid to rest, son.
Well uh well shucks Ray
How do you explain that you so good at the piano all of a sudden
I know you never played a lick of music before
I guess it's like that old joke, "I don't know if I can play the piano, 'cause I've never tried!"
I had just never tried!
Man think of all the other things you might be good at
You know, Roast Beef, you might actually be this good at something yourself!
Oh now you just kiddin' me Please stop it
Why, I bet you're this good at computer programmin'! Better, even!
Aw no man
My code is a dog's code
It could never make a lady weep
Not like piano music
Alright, I've got a pair of Kings.
Three 5's!
Oooh! Damn.
Philippe, what do you have?
What does this make?
Let's see. You've got a two...and a receipt for a box of tampons? This might be the worst poker hand ever.
I fold
Okay, if you could be in the Guinness Book of World Records for one thing, what would it be?
Looking at the same tit longer than anyone
I'll set that up if you're serious.
Go for it.
NOOOO!
You grounded him without even knowing what he was doing out there?
No teenage boy has ever done anything wise near a lake.
It's my safest course of action.
How long's he grounded for?
Oh, couple hours. I'll make him some Spaghetti's Dad tonight. It's our little ritual - let's him know he's off the hook.
Huh! What's in Spaghetti's Dad?
A steak.
A steak on top of spaghetti?
There's no spaghetti.
In your taxonomy, steak is the logical ancestor of spaghetti?
Téodor, when you talk that way, I feel like I'm sitting on the nozzle of a big metal tank that says YALE.
Ray please man don't do this
i got to do this ...
Téodor ... would want it ... this waaaay.
Beef! What it is!
Man why'd you bring that AIBO over here
You need companionship, dude! You been one sad mister since Molly left.
You leave that thing here and it's on eBay faster than you can say Seller Pays Shipping
Oh no, Weldon is stayin' with you. I got all his favorite toys and stuff right here, plus instructions. I gotta run. Bye. I gotta go. Call me.
Huh is that a USB port Maybe he can be of use after all
My father's family name being Pirrip, and my Christian name Philip, my infant tongue could make of both names nothing longer or more explicit than Pip. So, I called myself Pip, and came to be called Pip.
Hey Téodor! You get that homemade salsa I FedEx'd you?
Yeah, it just showed up. I can't believe you used FedEx. I could have just walked over and tasted it and saved you the fifty bucks.
Aw, ain't no thang! Call me back after you try it, I want to know if I used too much cilantro.
Alright, i'll call you later.
Sheesh, he didn't need to pay for Next Business Morning. I didn't even get up until one.
What... what the hell'd he pack it in? Is this an original--
Hey Roast Beef! Who do you think does the best somersault, you or m---
Dang, man! A Jehovah's Witness! Let me get the hose.
THE HOSE!
Let's just say there's a cumshot at my house, and I didn't put it there.
On the back of the couch. Unmistakable. About one foot up.
Yeah, I get that at least once in this world someone had some delight for once. I know that ain't a common thing. But on my couch, dude. Couldn't someone have had some delight into an old refried beans can?
I'm eatin' refried beans for lunch, that's why. How 'bout you?
Oh, I'm sorry. I know. Just a bad start to the day, is all. Cumshot. Sofa. Boom. Martha Stewart ain't chimin' in on that one.
Exactly. You ain't havin' nobody over if there's a damn cumshot.
'Bill Gates stood at his enormous mahogany standing-desk, a gift from Japanese Prime Minister Fukuda.'
'His Mont Blanc fountain pen hovered over the signature line of a check which would end world hunger forever.'
'Suddenly, Steve Jobs crashed headlong into the room, clutching an Etch-a-Sketch to his chest. He hadn't charged the battery of his Segway, and it had balked after a laborious trip up the stairs.'
'"Sorry Bill! Sorry! I'm Sorry!" yelled Jobs, scrambling to his feet. Gates picked up the Etch-a-Sketch. Next to an egg-shaped drawing, crude block letters spelled out "PERFECT CIRCLE".'
"Mary just set up sandwich trays in the East conference room, Steven" said Gates. "If you promise not to upset the bread, you can make yourself one."'
'Jobs ran down the hallway so quickly, The tread pattern of his trailing shoe was perpendicular to the ground with each gleeful stride.'
What's Philippe listening to?
"Welcome to the Self-Guided Tour of the Monterey Bay Aquarium."
...flower, do you take me, Phillippe, to be your lawfully wedded---
Phillippe! You seem to have taken an interest in my petunia!
She also has the most charming nickname--- the "Touch-Me-Not!"
Isn't that irresistible?
He knows!
PETUNIA; the "TouchmeNot"; IRRESISTIBLE; "Pregnant with your child"; DIABETES
At any rate, don't get too attached!
W-Why not?
Why petunias are annuals, Phillippe! They die every winter!
Yes, I'd like to order a pizza with sausages and peppers on it.
The address is 62 Achewood Court. Yeah, it'll be cash. The money will be on the kitchen windowsill.
Yeah, the windowsill. Just slide the pizza through but don't look inside.
They won't do it either.
Dammit!
Alright it looks like his Rectus sheath is punctured and he's leakin' interstitial fluid
That crap don't clump, right? Like all hemogoblins an shit?
I don't think it clots no so we got to plug this up quick
Do you have uh do you got like one of those lady things in your purse
I got nothin' BUT lady things in my purse, fool! You think a diva carries Skoal?!
Jesus Tina a TAMPON !
Oh my God I can't believe I'm doin' this...so ill...SO wrong...
Dang these things got a lot smaller since my mom used to use them
She was always luggin' around these 3 Musketeers-size ones that had like a cardboard ejector chute and Charles Bronson on the package
Shut up and fix him, nerd! Hurry!
OK wow good it looks like this fits perfectly now we just need somethin' to hold it in place you got like a band aid or anything else adhesive
Don't have judgment, Roast Beef! You KNOW you don't drive a woman crazy enough to buck nasty!
"It's not easy being Vagina Products MacGyver," thought Vagina Products MacGyver, as the harpy baselessly trashed his crotch chops.
Dang, Lyle! You openin' up a taco stand?
The cholo cooks at my new busin' gig load me down with tons of leftovers every night ... I got frijoles and tortillas comin' outta my ears!
Daaamn, no operating costs! I like your model!
You know, I been meanin' to diversify my portfolio lately. I like to play the restaurant industry ... you want to talk?
You wanna get in on the ground floor, here?
Yeah ... yeah, I think I do.
You know what the problem is with taco stands? Trust. I see a taco stand, I'm thinkin bad thoughts. I'm thinking', I will get an oral disease or else get the papillomavirus.
Ask yourself, what would really set a taco stand apart from the rest? If the public could know that they were eating a safe, clean taco! That's all there is to it!
Good night, everyone.
Goodnight!
Good Morning!
No, Philippe! Too soon!
if Ray or Lyle wants a submarine sandwich then they head to the "Underground." Hey! Underground: subterranean landscape of animal-run storefronts etc. "But how do they get to the Underground?" Manhole covers, storm drains, basements, tree trunks, riverbanks, etc.
Well I guess today is the big day Phillipe!
How come there aren't any people at my wedding?
What do you mean I see all kinds of folks
Where?
I brought all my imaginary friends from childhood!
You did?
Phillippe I would like you to meet Thigh Bone
Hello Thigh Bone!
and Small Talk
Nice to meet you Small Talk!
This is Montmartre, he came over with Freddie Fractions
Hi guys!
Montmartre where are Woman-Man and Mr. Tears
Oh my god
They both suicided?
Huh Milklin so like you been havin' a rough time of getting people to be Jehovah's Witnesses
Trina and Mr. Dan actually left the congregation after my mini-sermon on saving money around the house.
How did you make a livin' before you set out on this
Welcome to the Mr. Bear Show!
Ha ha! Hi Mr. Bear!
Who's on your show today?
Lyle!
Listen, I need to borrow some money.
What it is, Lyle! You into some Tequila? I also got some tasty sangria that Pat brought over!
Sangria?
You know, when somebody puts fruits and stuff in red wine! It's a mexican thing. It represents the blood of Christ or something.
Is that right.
Heh! Yeah. Religion, man. That is some messed-up stuff.
Didn't Snoopy have a Mexican cousin?
You mean Spike? Naw, man. He was just some ugly white dude from L.A.
Spike was a pretty lousy character. Didn't he sleep in a cactus?
Nuh-uh, man. I think he just had a little Datsun where the seat folded down.
Hi, I'm too drunk to drive. Can you please send a taxi to 62 Achewood Court?
Great. Can the driver pick up some things on the way here?
Huh. Okay then, how about just some CDs and a blacklight?
No?
Hm. So all you do is give rides to drunk people? Did you get that idea from your mother?
No dice.
Nice going. What's for dinner then?
Oh man I would love me a deli sandwich
Wonder if I can call all my dude at home on that old-school pay phone
Hello, this is Philippe! I am happy to talk to you!
Hey Philippe this is Beef! Guess where I am calling you from!
Here's a hint: it's where the Devil lives!
PHILIPPE! I AM CALLING TO OFFER YOU THE NO-HASSLE CAPITAL ONE CREDIT CARD!
GUARANTEED NO PENALTY FOR BALANCE TRANSFERS UNDER $45!
Please take our number off your list. Goodbye.
Pat, man! I compost now! I'm just like you!
Well, let's not get ahead of ourselves. Which system are you using--a Lijlson-Greaves ratio, or an open Tanoku matrix?
I throw leftovers on the ground, man! In a little wire cage!
Whoah, whoah, whoah. That's not composting. There are very strict rules.
Dude, I put my extra cheese and nasty hard tortillas in an area. They get all rotty. A fly has a baby. Dirt is born.
Share this moment with me.
No, no, NO! DEAD wrong! Jesus CHRIST, Ray!
We talkin' 'bout makin' dirt here, Pat! Dirt ain't exactly nature's choosiest substance when it comes to havin' recently been other stuff!
People have done a LOT of work figuring this out! Your arrogant newbie blasphemy is . . .
. . . it's an AFFRONT to the DIGNITY of SOIL!
STUFF IS ON THE GROUND IN MY YARD! HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT, SUCKER!
DO YOU WANT TO SAY HI?
HEY, LOUSY HOMEMADE DIRT! PAT IS ON THE PHONE!
DO CORRECT DIRT ACTIVITIES! HAVE A WORM WITH A YARN HAT POKE OUT AND PURCHASE ANTI-WORM CREDITS!
Stop this at once!
Now you got me yellin' in front of my little baby dirt!
How's a precious tomato plant supposed to thrive in this hated-at dirt, Pat?!
YOU ARE ASININE!
YOU know you got to talk gentle to tiny plants to help them grow!
Why you think they make that helicopter in Iowa what recites People Magazine at 500 feet?
Goodbye, Ray.
JEFF GOLDBLUM IS SEEN HERE RELAXING ON HIS TERRA COTTA PATIO IN A BATHROBE BY VINCE OF SPAIN ($235). A SHORT, WARM SWIM HAS LEFT HIM HAPPY.
Dear Diary,
I turned a poorly thought-out phone call into a great idea: organic bio-copters that soothe ultra-local micro-crops with a "dusting" touch of pleasant topics! Imagine how much people will pay for potatoes that are as "socially aware" as they are!"
I sat in the dark of the dumbwaiter, with everyone else, waiting for the police to leave.
Roast Beef and Lyle struck up a conversation in the stuffy, crowded blackness.
Have you ever done cocaine Lyle
That stuff sends oyster shit down my throat.
Makes me puke.
His answer was not surprising. Lyle would never betray his beloved brown liquors in favor of any other substance.
I have done cocaine
The next morning I went to look over all the code I thought I had written while high
But instead of code it was a business plan for a restaurant chain that would compete with Romano's Macaroni Grill by featuring a waterfall in the main dining area
What in the heck was that all about then
Ooh dang maybe that's Ray's car
Yep
Only one dude I know drives around with a bucket of Colonel and a pint of dippin' gravy
RAY YOU IN HERE
I was a mentally retarded person eating alone at a breakfast restaurant
So let's add: 1 part vanilla vodka, 3 parts orange soda
Stir together and drop some ice cubes in.
There, doesn't that taste like an orange creamsicle?
My heavens! How did you accomplish this nostalgic flavor?
So what do you think, Beef? Is it a pretty good contract?
Sheesh Ray
First of all your royalty got to be a percentage not a flat fee
And you got to include provisions for future buyout privileges
Plust it don't even say nothin' about sales performance bonuses
But check it out, Beef! Red limo!
Oh hell now
You just readin' the part that's in bold
Hey R-R-Roast Beef! Help me write a skit for my late night TV show I'm thinkin' of makin'!
Alright well the first thing you do is juxtapose two unrelated concepts
L-L-Like puddin' and Jell-O?
No uh not at all um more like Emeril committing a crime
It's surprising because he is so nice!
I get it! I get it!
Alright Todd on Ray's signal go ahead and start the bit
three... two...
Awww yeah, people! Let's drown this baby up a notch!
Téodor
Téodor
Oh! Uh...hi nice Pete!
Listen I need to admit something to you
Oh my god! He killed pat!
I know this is going to sound kind of...weird
They always murder the guy they confess to! Oh no! Why couldn't I have been outside just now?!
But I need some help making icons for a Microsoft Power Point presentation Pat said you were good with graphics
Oh! Uh...Sure! I'd be glad to!
Man that is a big relief Here is a list of some of the starters I will email you with the rest OK
coming to you live from a van parked outside Madison Square Garden
Uncle Culpepper! How was your trip? It's good to see you! Come in!
Why, I do declare! Dear nephew, you have matured into the very image of your grandfather, the great Colonel Albion Montgomery Culpepper!
Thank you, Uncle Culpepper!
You must be hungry! What can I get us to eat? Come inside!
Well now! I must admit to an indefatigable predilection for that most toothsome of I-talian delicacies, the Pepperoni Pizza!
Consider it done! Mind if we add olives and mushrooms?
My sole partiality is to that delectable spiced meat. Any confederacy of additional vegetables shall not compromise the pie as I see it.
Ok, good! OH, let me fix us a drink first!
Your hospitality is exemplary, dear nephew. I am as parched as a misused draft animal, but a tumbler of spirits may well spare me from the agony to which I seem conscripted by this thirst.
Come on, Pat! Focus!
He...he had a private place, yeah!
good!
Well, where was it?
He'd never say...but one time when he came home he was carryin' a Bell Market bag!
what?
Hey! The only Bell around here is over in Threadville!
Yeah, and his van always had this dried white mud around the wheel wells!
Threadville...white mud...the old limestone quarry!
Hi. Specialty MeatCo? Yeah, it's Mr. Red. Password 0509971
Yeah, hi. I need you to set me up for Thanksgiving.
Well, my tastes are pretty traditional, but a plain old turkey just ain't that... interesting, you know? Alternative lifestyle turkeys, huh? Talk to me.
Nah, I ain't wanna eat anything that was a coprophiliac. We been through this. What other kind of turkeys you got?
Swinger? Nah. Transgender? No. A turkey that believed in voodoo? Better not. You got anything else?
A gay turtle with a Prince Albert.
I was thinkin' more along the lines of a prime rib. You got maybe a bi-curious 7-bone?
Most interesting. Plump, soft white flesh of vanilla and melon yields as a firm hand of chocolate and clove gently pulls the tropical decolletage from her shoulders...it's a forbidden combination, culminating in an explosion of heat and musk.
Ray what in the hell was that all about
Erotic wine tasting, dude. I'm in a club. Here, try this one...describe it, but lay on teh sekksy with a trowel.
Oh man not my thing but okay
Bruno was the baddest pit bull in the yard. He wasn't clipped, so he looked like a brown watermelon with nuts. Did the chick dogs want him? Yeah, they wanted him. But he had some wine to taste. Expensive-ass wine from the Asian steppes.
Bruno paused. He turned a little and looked at his nuts in the mirror.
"Now that's what I'M talkin' 'bout," he said.
Daaamn. Look at this ad here, Beef. The strongest guy in the area says he'll come to your house and pick you up by your junk. One-handed.
What's the idea
Doors of perception, life-affirming, challenging boundaries, that kind of stuff.
If you think about it, it just makes a ton of sense.
Sounds like you think you gonna do it
SOON.
Hey uh listen Ray I got to drive to downtown San Francisco and pick some stuff for Molly
Downtown, huh. Daylight?
Yeah man uh you got any hulls
Yeah, yeah, of course. I think I got my best ones out on loan though.
Here, let's take a look.
Cool thanks
Well, he ain much to look at but he's yours.
Yikes man
Got the harness on right? You breathe okay?
Think so
Alright, man. Just play it safe, you know?
Don't you lecture me cracker
Sure I'll pick up some shampoo what kind do --
Dang the signal cut out Better get something though cause she said she wanted to take a shower before work
Strawberry and Brazil Nut?
Man what kind of nonsense is this I mean do you put it on your head or do you put it on some damn ice cream ?!
Mr. Bear, what would happen if a chicken mated with a dog?
Excuse me?
If a chicken mated with a dog! You know! What would happen?
Well, I suppose the dog would be shunned by her peers, and the chicken's friends would consider him quite the fellow.
No, I mean what would the baby look like?
Oh! I see. Probably an incipient soup of malformed organs and translucent bones. Different animals' genes don't tend to create viable offspring, with the exception of the mule.
Oh. So not like this drawing?
I'm afraid not, Philippe.
Shucks. It would be the perfect pet! The un-bitey-ness of a chicken's head, and the "I don't want to cook that"-ness of a dog's body! Everyone would be safe!
Ray, what does it mean that Pat is gay?
Well, uh...you know how you feel when you see a lady?
Yeah! Scared but important!
Right, right. Well, when Pat sees a lady, he kinows he's not ever going to marry her.
Wow! Like people who can see ghosts, or the future! There should be a movie about Pat's ability!
This is turning out great!
I guess there were a lot of reasons I finally chose to leave West Virginia
Ugh
Even in death Mom-mom's eye will not stop Weepin'
How come I'M the one always got to shoot the dog when Daddy gets laid off
Oh no I grew Pubics
Daddy is gonna kill me for sure
Cool shoes, Lie Bot.
Whoah -- what the hell, man? Why the hell did you say that?
Well, they just looked kind of different.
Michael J. Fox gave them to me! Is that alright with you, Mr. Acid Tongue?
You never met Michael J. Fox.
What the hell is this then, NOT the Flux Capacitor?
Alright Beef, now open your eyes!
It's a '65 Ford Galaxie, just like you always talkin' about!
oh my god with the cammer 427 657 bhp banned in six states
You so lucky Ray This is such a good car
Me?! This car's for you, Beef!
oh my gosh You kiddin' me no way
Go on! Get in!
no way... no... *way*
Oh man The car from *Peel-Out Summer*
Here, I made some aluminum foil undies to protect your ding-a-ling from all those cell phone cancer-rays.
Jesus Molly I -- Dang these are -- these are really well-made
What's with the long piece protruding off the front though
That's a little cradle for your cell phone. The undies have an internal armature made out of coat hanger wire, to support it.
The armature has a nice cantilever weight The cotton lining is cool too I mean you wouldn't expect these to feel this good I'm surprising myself by liking them so much
Now you don't even have to hold the phone against your head, you can just use speakerphone all the time!
No brain tumors *exactly* And if you ain't got your phone you can just put lycopene-rich ketchup in there for dippin' fries
Oh man check out your Pinewood Derby car Ray
Mom took my kit to a company that has a computer-guided cutting tool! It's EXACTLY like the Ferrari from Weird Science!
Oh man it is perfect in every way
Where's yours, Beef?
Oh god this isn't working at all
Oh god this is ruined this is RUINED
Roast Beef! Don't you dare make noise! Your granny needs sleep!
Rayond Smuckles! Is that you? I can smell your cologne from here!
Why, two stoned nincompoops in a Volvo! Talk about your lesser works of Christo!
Man what is going on here Oregon trail didn't used to get it on with you
I got to take al ook at the code base and maybe figure this out
Oh my goodness look at all these extra modules
wow
whoah insane
I understand you finished your new book! Here, I'll edit it.
Pat I did not ask for you to edit it. You assumed that I would want you opinion.
Well, I'm an excellent critic! I automatically know when someone's done a bad job. Before you ask, yes it's a mixed blessing.
Who said anything would be bad about my book!
Oh, you've got to be kidding me! You're not so arrogant as to think you didn't make any mistakes!
Picasso didn't ask people to help him improve a painting after it was done.
If he had he might have had churned out such weird crap! The man thought he could just fool around! Heh! "Nuh-uh, mister!"
When I want your opinion I will cut it out of your brain and eat it and crap your opinion back into your skull.
Hmmm...how about we call ourselves "Doggz 2 Tha Bone?"
Doggz 2 Tha *Bizzone*...hmm... yeah! I kinda like that!
*Doggz 2 Tha Bizzone!*
LATER
Hey mom, guess what! Roast Beef and I finally thought up a name for our rap company!
What? You thought of a name for it too? Come on, mom! No you didn't!
Why are you making fun of me, mom?
HEY! Who put a hair on my dang nachos?
I really wanted to eat these!
CUT!
What?
How come?
Sorry, Ray. The readers are saying that they're tired of seeing you in the strip all the time.
They want to see other, more neglected characters.
Well, okay, but there's still a hair in my nachos.
Philippe! My! Look how you've grown!
Huh.
Téodor! 2005 Bible is out! Here is copy. Take.
There's a new version?
Take take take. You take. Take take.
Alright, alright already! Quit it.
Read Dilbert in the newspaper! Is so good! Is so funny! Read today. DILBERT.
HARNESS THE POWER OF BIBLE ADVERTISING!
Oh, AIDS.
Why, why did someone screw a monkey?
Why, oh why did someone have to screw a monkey?
Yeah, man, what gives?
Téodor! Mr. Bear read My Side of the Mountain to me! I'm going to live on my own in the backyard!
This is a really special thing that a little kid does. If I help him make it through a night or two outside, he could build tons of self-confidence.
Okay, then! Lets get you outfitted and supplied.
Saaa-a-ay! How come your thingy is stickin' out like a screwdriver handle? Mine never did that yet!
Oh! Sorry...when older guys like me have to pee in the morning, our thingy gets kind of fat. It keeps us from wetting the bed.
Keeps you from wetting the bed?! I need to find some medicine that makes my thingy fat!
I called Ray to get the scoop on what he was watching on TV! He said, "Naked men fighting sincerely in water." He answered pretty quick- doubt that was a lie!
"You should not tease a rectum or a priest." How do you tease a rectum? With one of those fake guns that shoots out a flag that says POW? Because that's a good way to tease a priest!
That's... it's a thing from the 80s."
If you're gonna go on about stuff I wish I ever got a blowjob that didn't end in me getting yelled at
Why look at you, Ray! Openly reading smut in public!
Oh, hey Pat! What's cookin?
Give me that!
I'm going to put this in the TRASH where it belongs!
Playboy is actually pretty tame, I think that even grandparents--
Aha! They finally answered my letter!
KPMA'S Gripe of the Day! Caller, you're on the air!
It's stupid that criminals are punished by incarceration only!
Pat! Good to hear from you again! How do you mean?
Do you honestly think that the kind of guy who gets caught stealing a Tv set... ...has the mental goods to consider what it will be like to be strippled of his liberty?!
Sounds like Pat's about to drop the F-bomb!
Foucault wold have recomended Monarchial Punishment as well! Preventive public displays of the torture and execution of criminals!
King of like a Gallagher thing, but with heads instead of watermelons! Am I right? Am I RIGHT?! Heh Heh!
Actually, you're on the right track, Rod In the Morning.
Listen, Pat. I've got a HUGE package of civil rights ideas I'm about to send to Bono - I've even written "Important: contains your embroidered G8 ballcap!" on the outside - ... Can I include a transcript of this conversation?
...Bono?
I...I mean... this might be kind of radical for him... but he seems... sensible, you know?
Dude! Waldenbooks keeps their extra Playboys in a little cabinet right by the entrance! You just slide open the door and walk out with one rolled up in your hand!
Oh wow uh that is juvie for sure man that is stealin' in the main
If you get caught with no receipt, and you ain't in the shop, there's nothing they can do!
Proof ex facto!
Hurry dude! The guy's gonna look over here!
Oh Jesus Ray they all still in shrink wrap bundles man plus there's no light in here I mean why couldn't you do this part
Crap, dude! He's comin'! Run! Just grab one and RUN!
HEY! What do you think you're doing? I'm gonna call security!
Give me that.
Now.
This month, Ben
Ten things to do
Hot aruba nights!
Let's just see what we have here!
Look. I know where you're at. Just don't do this, not like this. You'll get a record, and you don't want that.
If you want to explore, and I'm not saying anything, just rememer that you're not alone, and that there is safety.
Okay sir uh yes sir
You're wonderful, and you're alive, and you deserve every little bit of happiness that the universe has to offer anyone, no matter who or what you like. Never forget that.
Now, I'm sorry, but I have to ask you to leave the store.
Dickens was well-keen on the device of the aptronym, such a crude tool still having literary value in that unsubtle t-t-time.
W-Witness Miss Havisham, a hyperbolic, once-betrayed malevolent spinster whose unilateral purpose is to further the agenda that "to have   is a-a-a sham."
VERILY YOU SQUANDER NOT A WISP OF BREATH NOR SOIL THE BOSOM OF REASON DEAR TODD
What has gotten into you two? Why the false manes?
We were hell of sad we had no manes, dogg! Our ancestors did!
Are you getting an idea for your next children's book from this Cornelius
Well, a parable of cats who want to be tigers again has enormous...are you mocking me, Roast Beef?
If I wanted to mock you I would be spinning off sonnets about wrestling Judi Dench out of her three pound underwear
Oh damn my gravy
No way
Todd ?!
Todd is that you ?
Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd T. Squirrel ?
Oh hey Beef! Whatcha d-d-doin' down in Hades?
I was gonna ask you the same thing dude
Eh, I got peeled out on by some teenagers.
Your body got peeled out on by a car ?
You shoulda' seen it! My guts were sprayin' out like Silly String!
Dogg that is horrible to hear
Aww, shit happens. I'll be back on the surface in n-n-no time.
How's that?
Heh! Sounds like you don't know about the secret hidden page in this menu yet!
Mr. Smuckles, Alright, that was the single worst example of Sapphic erotica I have ever read. That truly is saying something. Allow me to show you how it is done in the big leagues, young man. Judi  wrapped herself snugly in the hotel's thick terrycloth robe  and settled back into the mountain of crisp, white pillows which rested against the antique oak headboard .   Chris came in from her work-out and smiled at her lover . Coyly, she undressed in the other room and began running the hot water for her own shower [teasing, forces us to imagine the nude
Heh!
"Dear Mr. Williams, thanks for settin' me straight. It was a real honor to take a class from the master."
Ancient player like him gonna dig on a young dude offerin' some tie-tac-and-wingtip respect. Fogeys CRAVE respect. They sit up late and WANT it.
"Sir, I have an honorable idea."
"You and me, on a stage, compete to write the finest lesbian erotica of all time. Whoever wins becomes or already is the Founder of Williams Sonoma."
"So that no one knows who is who during the competition, it's essential that we both wear identical elephant costumes."
"Text me if you accept this. My cell number is..."
Soon.
Thats fine im almost one hundred. What do I care. Goodbye. Will arrange with Ronnie.
Alright yeah uh just a good combed haircut for a wedding and nothin' that takes blow dryers or costly sarganthums
Okay then for my final act as just this one dude I am gonna get a hot fresh-cooked hamburger at a lunch counter all on my lonesome
Baby I am really sorry I been a dong in the main all week I mean you give me a map and point to a spot and I can find a way to get there and let you down
Baby, if the rest of our lives are anything like this week, I'm going to beat my mother with a mittelschmerz-inducing clyster.
Ahem... everybody, about a year ago I wrote this speech for my oldest friend Roast Beef. I tucked it away in my coat just for tonight.
Ahem... my boy Roast Beef is a crazy man with a long penis
Uh... it's like... Beef... Beef is a good guy. A GOOD guy. Not the best, but then, you don't want that, because if he WAS he'd probably commit suicide in such a way that doctors could harvest all his organs and his skin.
You... you know. Like, planned, with a note. Like that genius kid in the New Yorker article a little while back. I read part of it in Beef's bathroom once. Hella long. Beef is real, REAL smart.
In closing, I guess that's why he's marryin' you, Molly. So he'll have someone to pick up the magazines off the bathroom floor! Just kiddin', girl. Much love to you two. Thank you.
SHIT!
10:00:00am - Freeze tongs and bowl for tossing iceberg salad.
00:15am - Set up online Kodak gallery so guests can buy photos on wireless foyer laptops before end of reception
02:00am - Skim reheated stew
Sugar snacks, this is Tommy Bahama. It cost two hundred dollars. It is one hundred percent acceptable attire for a summertime outdoor wedding. Get over yourself. And I need to shave your nape before we go anywhere.
What's with all these human torso mannequins, Ray?
Oh, just tryin' to get back in the game.
Ultra-realistic mannequins. My portfolio. I'm thinkin' of investin' in this company, so they sent me some samples.
Dude... I totally didn't get enough... sleep last night
That... sucks bro
So yeah uh I was at Raley's and they have changed the label design on cans of ---
What's that, Roast Beef? I can barely hear you! Phone's crappin' out!
Man Ray why you keep that ancient old cordless phone anyway It is hell of jilapidated
Me and this phone go way back, Beef! You know that! Now what were you ---
No, your Majesty. Mr. Smuckles did not realize he was threatening the royal residence when he placed those calls.
What? Waterbury? That you?
Ray what is Waterbury talking about dogg did you junk jingle the Queen
My research indicates that he was merely attempting to rectify a billing issue with the customer service department of a website specializing in the display of callipygian women who sit upon pastries. Their number is only one digit off from yours, your majesty.
...So like it ain't bad enough that Little Nephew got himself the Stone Cold F Grade in History this quarter...But now he's fallin' in with that damn Goth crowd!
Goths man huh like dang old Arachnea Gehenna from high school times
Yeah, all with the date and time stamp still showin' 'cause she couldn't figure out how to work her Nikon!
All showing that it was just like seven thirty-five PM which ain't exactly too petrifying of an hour
No sir, not exactly the witching hour.
Maybe the hour of playing a Bauhaus tape and pulling a quarter out of your ear but yes definately no witching
What's she doin' these days, anyway? Maybe I can use her as an example of how Goths don't succeed in the world.
Man you got to realize that Goths reject the normal ideas of society and success
What are you drawing, Ray?
A violin, dude. Hold on.
...there. Done.
Pretty good. What's the ideas?
It's my new therapy I been goin' to. Every time I feel insecure about something', I teach myself to draw a really high-quality picture of it.
Oh, like to help you confront it?
Exactly, dogg. It is real straightforward stuff. I ain't into those therapies where they have you memorize random numbers and shit.
Mind if I see some of your other drawings?
Might as well, dude. That stuff don't hurt me no more.
Diabetes Results Center
Ray Smuckles
FIND THIS MAN]]
You know, when I was a kid about your age, my dad made me the best burger I've ever tasted.
Wow, I'll bet.
We had one of those electric skillets, like you use for making pancakes, you know?
Yeah! With the orange light that says it's ready!
Right. My dad griddled me a burger in there, along with a few slices of onion. I'd never had griddled onions before.
You don't say!
When the burger was nice and crusty, he put the onions on top and melted a slice of cheddar cheese over that.
Sounds tasty.
Try as I might, I've never had a burger quite so satisfying.
Well, I bet mom cooks me her famous pork chops with hot asparagus and buttered rice! She makes the best pork chops in the whole WORLD!
Yeah, she just might, if you make sure to ask. Will you make sure to ask? Moms love to cook their kids' favorite dishes.
I always had that with cold Acidophilus milk! Boy, what a great drink to-
Phillippe! You'll ask, won't you? About the pork chops and buttered rice?
Yeah sure! 'Course! Anyways, after that, we always have a scoop of fifty-fifty! That's orange and vanilla ice cream where the flavors are in stripes and...
Here it is, little guy. One-five-five. Here, let's get you unbuckled.
Cornelius! A pleasing dance for King Phillipe, at once!
Dear boy, how did you come by this costu--I say, that's geniune ermine!
Take it off before you spill fortified soda on it.
It's mine! I bought it! I paid a thousand smackaroos!
Pish posh. You've got the cash reserves of a tortilla.
That's not true! A guy from the internet gave me a thousand bucks to have dinner with him!
I get more money from sending him letters that he can read in the bathroom!
Who am I going to meet? Is it somebody famous? Is it Emeril?
A friend of a friend.
Patrick? Patrick, are you there? This is Cornelius!
I'm back from hospital and hoping to have a word with you!
Oh crung! Ain't no way I can face him!
I'd like to invite you to lunch, so that we might come to view the accident in the same calm light. Please let me know if you have time. Ta!
Paaaaaat? This is Arthur! I just wanted to let you know that I am OK with the awful things you said about me last week! I forgive you, Pat!
Oh uh hey dogg this is Roast Beef um listen I just want to say it's all cool between us even though you dissed Weldon twenty six days ago
Travis, this is Paul. I know about you and Dana. I implanted a microphone in her root canal, Travis. That's right, I'm not only her dentist, I'm her husband. Maybe next time you try to ruin a marriage you won't yell so clearly into the woman's teeth.
S-S-So! How many chicks wrote back? I wanna frikkin' roll inna hay tonight, I'll tell you that much!
That's the fifth time you've asked in five minutes! Go piss up a rope, Todd!
Maybe I frikkin' will, ya jerk! MAYBE I'LL BE THA FIRST GUY WHO FINALLY DOES THAT!
[[Todd is urinating up and at a rope. Seven drips fall toward the ground.
Ha ha! Hope nobody liked THIS rope! 'CAUSE THIS AIN'T ONE 'A THE BETTER ROPES NO MORE!
EXTREMELY SOON, IN THE GARAGE... Urine sound effects:  and .
Two drops of squirrel urine fall on a small, mysterious box.
[[Close-up on the small box. It reads ""BARN-IN-PACKAGE" SIMPALLY HANG OVER THE SMALL TABLE JOY MADE IN THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF KOREA" and shows a small picture of a barn-like box over a table. Eleven Korean symbols are at the bottom.
W-W-Whoah! What 'n' the FRIK?
AAAAAGH!
Only a small puddle of urine remains. CAPTION: ...AND SO TODD, HAVING UNIFIED THESE CHARMED OBJECTS, IS USHERED INTO A NEW ADVENTURE... AN ADVENTURE IN... NORTH KOREAN MAGICAL REALISM!"
Still Life With Crushing Silence of Non-Production
Hey, that actually seems like a pretty good knife set.
Wow, 10 knives for $19.99?!
A 50-YEAR guarantee, dude!
It FELL through that onion, man.
"These knives can do anything! Just ask...Baby Jesus!"
Your basal nervous system wants these knives!
Oooh, these knives!
I think my heart's explodin'! THESE KNIVES!
Alright Beef, let's scam this guy back into the stone age. Start hackin', I'ma get some Stellas.
Okay first uh what did you find out about him on Google and Wikipedia
I ain't look the damn guy up! He's usin' a FAKE NAME, dude! "Leon Sumbitches"? Come on.
Still though it's best practices
Look man see here Leon Sumbitches aka Brian Wheat has a whole dang article about him and his family
Dang man this runs like ten scrolls deep this article is a /player/
Thanks for this, Doc. I just wasn't sure I'd ever have the chance, you know?
Of course. And thank YOU for the considerable donation. We'll be able to help a lot of children at that new clinic, Ray.
Children are pretty good, you know.
Okay, Ray, I've got the heart free of the chest cavity. Would you like to hold it now?
Whew! Ok, yeah. Here we go!
Daaamn! Man, this is special!
You said you'd like a picture?
Oh! Yeah! Thanks for remindin' me.
I brough a little hat for it. It's in my overnight bag there on the -
It won't be sterile. I'm afraid I can't allow the hat, Ray.
But I - yeah, I guess you're right. This is still gonna make a killer Christmas card, though!
What's on, Lyle?
Oh, just doin' my homework on the gonzo biz. Got a couple UK titles to check out.
Oi!
What do you want to do for dinner?
Mmm yeah luv
I'm makin' enchiladas. You want any?
That's the good stuff luv
Sure. You want me to get some beans and rice going?
Sure.
Oi yeah don't stop luv
Bless you
Little Nephew! What in the HELL are you wearin'?!
Jeez! Shut UP Uncle Ray!
What's...where's...how do I even begin to describe your pants/underwear situation?!
I don't know! How about by shutting up!
You couldn't wear your pants any lower, so you made tiny pants for each leg! SAY IT!
Jeez! It's the style! Shut UP!
How come you kids are so GOD DAMNED stupid and just do the stupidest ting possible every SINGLE SECOND OF THE GOD DAMNED DAY!
I'm LEAVIN'! I ain't NEVER comin' back!
Well, Téodor, as I'm sure you remember the Todd account has fallen through.
Oh, really, Ray.
As such, we are taking some cost-cutting measures. I've crossed the following items off of our budget:
Ahem! One: cancel all magazine subscriptions, including AdWeek, Ad Review and Maxim.
Hold on! You get Maxim on the company tab?
What other perks have you been enjoying? Let me see that budget!
Téodor, I really don't---
"Rolex Magazine"? "Business Jet Weekly"? "The Full-Fledged Male"?
Whoah! What's this?!
So did you pick out a gift for them yet?
Oh hee hee yeah
I found all these funny onesies that would be humorous on a baby
Ooh! Show me!
Oh my god! I don't know what's worse, that these are for sale or that you think a baby should wear them!
Oh come on this stuff is humorous
I'd like to know what you got dressed in as an infant if you think these are acceptable.
WAAAAUGH!
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUGH!
Donald Trump is a corny douchebag! I'm not afraid to say it.
Hush Téodor don't wake up that wino
Aw, he's out cold - oh my god, It's Ray!
Holy Dickens and Delilah you're right
Ray! RAY! Are you ok?! What happened to you?
Dick Dale's hands are so strong he could play the Golden Gate bridge like a harp
Agh! He smells like farted-in vinegar!
Are there any women named Derek I wonder
RAY! YOU WERE A FAT CHILD! YOU ... WERE ... A ... FAT ... CHILD!
NO I WASN - Téodor! Where am I?! What's going on?
Dear, did you get the tapes I sent?
Yes mom! I was just about to play them.
LATER
...SO REMEMBER, WHEN YOU EAT FOOD, YOU TURN IT INTO *LIFE*
AND EVERYONE LIKES *LIFE,* DON'T THEY?
I bet so!
SAY IT LOUD: "I LIKE LIFE!"
I like life!
GO ON, SAY IT AGAIN! "I, YOUR NAME, LIKE LIFE!"
I, PHILIPPE, LIKE LIFE!
SO GO ON AHEAD
What do you mean you're still in bed? It's ten thirty-eight in the morning!
Got to get my Lovely Twelve, hoss. That's just the way this one honest man plays the game.
That's disgusting. Sleeping that much has to be terrible for you.
Au contraire, talkin' Pat. Look at it this way...
For twelve hours my ass ain't smokin', slippin' down gold Johnny Blues, dry-steamin*, grufflin' the popper sampler at Burger Crater, or takin' in impure ideas through the eyes.
If you think about it, bein' in bed as long as possible is the healthiest thing I do each day.
That's pathetic, Ray. Lazy reasoning from a lazy man.
Look, dude. I pay my bills. I ain't got pregnancies all over town. Where you get off actin' like I got to get up at six AM and eat a damn garbanzo bean?
In fact, you know what? Screw you and all the rest of you self-righteous, "I-get-up-early" types! "Oooh, look at meeeee. I'm so raaaad. I know what the gaaaarbagemen look like."
All my life I been gettin' shit for the hours I keep. I ain't understand why gettin' up so early is so goddamned great.
Society observes a covenant to operate during specified --
Yeah, I get that folks leave for work at seven 'cause we ain't used to have light bulbs at night, but it's been like a hundred damn years.
I don't know, Pat. Maybe I'm progressive, but maybe also you're old-fashioned, like all knowin' what it looks like for a horse to go to the bathroom start-to-finish. I ain't sure, but I'm almost sure, and the man who invented the future barely even had that.
Mr. Teal? It's half-eleven. I have the diskette.
Brilliant. Keith is in the toilet listening to Madness now, and will not hear the latch on the diskette drive.
Insert it and go start the car. The microwave timer on his "special" pizza is about to go off. Our deed will be done by the time you return, and we shall beat a hasty retreat to the woods.
Yo Connie! What's with the funny hat? You goin' outside to bug people?
It's a...Victorian hearing hat. I'm going outside to hear for a while. Excuse me, I am in a hurry.
Heh...old people. They cherish *everything.*
Heavens, how he chews on seeds when he is anxious. I wish I could tell him to stop.
GAAAH how that grates...wait, he's saying something...
Did you think to bring a spade? We will need a spade to bury the diskette. And leave the headlights on so I can watch while you are digging.
Of course I brought a spade, you wither little man...
FREEZE!
We've found him, men. Northside Nolan. Out here buryin' his kiddie porn in the dead of night.
That hat makes me *sick.*
Hello?
Philippe? No is Philippe. Is Vlad. But wait...your voice...
...it is the seeds of a thousant memories.
So tell me about prison life, Pat!
Who's your cell mate? Is he alright?
Apparently he's like the Dr. J of murdering people!
Aren't you guys doing anything to get me out of here?
It's hard, Pat! You cold shot a man!
It ain't like you just fucked up your recycling!
Well, what are you doing about it?
_Pat!_ I mean, _really!_
Don't you care at all how he's doin?
You've known him since small times!
BMX bikes, man!
Scammin' each other for Capri Suns!
_Gettin' busted for drawin' Ramona Quimby doin' the Principal!_
R-Rod Huggins?!
What a _dish_!
You know my work, pudding?
I just rented SoftBoys: Picnic Panic XXVI last week!
How you still manage to look genuinely panicked at having left the picnic basket at home for the twenty-sixth time is... incredible! How do you do it?
You're sweet, cinnamon face. I'm a method actor. I leave a picnic basket at home before each shoot.
Juilliard has so much more to offer the world than bitches who are so smart they can't pee, you know?
Juilliard. I knew it! The way you and Trot Husky squabble in XXIV--about who forgot the picnic basket--it was Rosencrantz & Guildenstern all over again!
He was my roommate all four years! VERY good! Let's continue this chat over cobbler and cake, sugar factory.
So where you from, Waterbury?
London, sir.
You know, people always say that.
Particularly those in my lineage, sir.
No, I mean you might be from like Trembly-on-Kent, but you say London because you think that's the only place in England I've heard of!
I am in fact from London, sir. Documents abound, sir.
I just think it might be polite if you told people you were from a place they hadn't heard of, you know?
Have you a suggestion as to a false heritage, sir?
Let's make you kind of dangerous, like an ex-007 in hiding!
I...I fear, sir, that such a revelation might compromise my purported seclusion.
Huh. Good point. Okay, be from London.
Thank you, sir.
Agent M-9 reporting. Possibly but improbably made by host. Odds very much against it. Shall keep your grace apprised.
Everybody Dance...
Ass In Your Pants,
EVERYBODY DANCE
NOW!
Whew! did we nail that one?! Did we?
Alright, Laphroaig's empty! What's switch number four do?
Don't touch that.
Lemme guess... it's a recessed gun that pops up and shoots a big doily onto parkin' spaces!
Why must you insist that everything I do involves a doily, Lyle?
Hey, I'm gettin' a call! It's Ray!
'sup, Ray? You find Philippe yet? Threadville quarry? Yeah, we just passed it! Ok, see you in two!
You god damn hag!
It's YOUR fault I can't walk down the sidewlk without expecting a truck to jump the curb and kill me!
It's YOUR FAULT THAT I'M AFRAID OF CREEKS!
I'M LEAVING AND RENT'S DUE ON THE FIRST!
Come on Weldon don't whimper we are gonna take our things and beat this tab
I live in your poolshed now. Hi.
Riddle Me This!
"What has four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon, and three legs in the evening?" The answer will surprise you! The answer, according to friend L.B.: a stool that is being modified by the Army to weigh less.
Hey, I'm going to start a riddle company! For fifty cents, I will create a riddle about your favorite thing or friend! My company will be called RiddleMax.
There are three kinds of pen: felt-tip, ball-point, and fountain pen. In the past they would write letters using a bird feather, or just go to the person's house and talk about what was eating at them.
"Why would anyone want to play with this?"
"That is exactly my opinion, William."
"Property of Peter H. Cropes." Wow! His personal sketchpad!
A so-so human hand... you can tell he's been working at it a while...
A pretty decent bucket with a rag and water...
Alright Ray well uh that's all good and great but how do you know when to avoid a bathroom if a lady has been in there a while
Chick don't need you figurin' that out for her. She's ten steps ahead of you. Chicks are the chess of deucin'. Courtesy flushese, lipstick lighters, crap gaskets, digital canary--
Dand man what in hick is a crap gasket
That's when they caulk the gap between the bowl and the seat with wet TP to create a perfect seal.
Man no wonder we always run outta that costly tissue so fast!
Wow uh what in hell is a digital canary then is that such as bluetooth or some deal
Nah. She presses one nostril shut the whole time, then uses the fresh nostril to gauge things at the end. Like a pregnancy test.
Man how come women don't rule the world
'Cause they care how their shit smells.
We ain't gonna see much of America at one mile an hour, Beef!
oh hee hee!
I can't believe we really doin' this!
Speed up!
Settle down now
We just warmin' this old girl up
Then we gonna...
UN-LEASH!
Oh god dangit a cop
We already arrested Ray
You got 425 horsepower under that foot of yours!
so?!
So stand on it, Agnes!
Here we are! I think she's back here.
She?
She was kind of shy and wandered off down the hall.
I'm going to meet a lady?
Looks like it! Are you gentleman enough to introduce yourself?
Oh boy!
Hello?
你好!
I'd like to take this time to introduce Achewood's new cast of characters! replacing last year's troupe will be:
Albert the College-Educated Cat,
I'm a Usability Engineer! It is too a real job!
Shortcakes the Leprechaun,
I've only got the one arm, folks! Hee hee!
Also, I know thirteen languages.
And Steven, the waiter who was really strong but too nice to ever get ahead in life.
Moons Over My Hammy? That's a really good one!
I tell you, one thing I cannot abide is guys with a tattoo on their ass cheek. I gotta draw the line. Back me up, Beef.
Oh man Ray this egg sandwich is grelicious Without Molly around I didn't realize to eat for seven days.
I can't believe you moved out on Grandma K, dude. Who's gonna take care of her?
Same person that took care of me Samuel H. Invisible
Oh man, don't start in with Samuel H. Invisible.
I've got Samuel H. Invis-i-ble instead of a mom and dad He's nev-er taken me to the zoo and I've Nev-er seen a doctor ...He's Samuel!
So, did you get to spend much time with dad growing up?
Ramses? No. Only met him once, in a liquor store in Watts.
How'd...how did you know you were related?
He saw my name on the badge I was wearing from an aviation conference.
"Not a lot of boys claimin' Smuckles," he said. He asked me my mom's name. I told him Irene.
He said, "You got a brother just won the Great Outdoor Fight. Look him up or don't."
Then he left. The way he left was incredible. He was an artist. A true master of leavery.
It is an art, isn't it!
The way he left said, "I care about you in a way that will never matter."
You catch anything else? Any details about him? What about his car?
The only thing I saw as he left the parking lot was this...
Alright Todd Ray can't get up so let's just bring a menu to him and get out of this place
C-C-Cool!
You got your riddle all figured out then ?
Pshaw! D-Don't insult m-m-me.
Alright dudes if you are ready then look straight into the bowl and answer the riddle you see in the menu when you cross your eyes
Twice
F-F-F-First place! Duh!
About a pound.
I mean, how frikkin' easy is th-th-that?
"ASS IN YOUR PANTS" THIS YEAR'S MOST IMPORTANT SONG
"'Ragtime' is a musical form woven from the starched Negro collar of early bordello servitude, an apprenticeship in American sin which charmed volumes of this country's well-heeled and well-to-do. Ray Smuckles is, perhaps, the most shining example of a modern American artist in his creative prime. 'Ragtime' is his megaphone and hip-hop is that hand that holds it."
"In a land ravaged by terror, in a time of social uncertainty and political alienation, artist Ray Smuckles has crafted an anthemic crossover masterpiece where ragtime piano meets up with a hip-hop bullet that goes 'straight into your pants.'"
"In a nation of broadband apathy, the pierced avenues of your local Tower Records are something like a roll call for reform... reporting to  Ragtime Detention Center is like pacing steadily toward the altar of... the only modern cultural validation which can even be said to exist."
Coming in 2009
We're fucked, babe. Gator beat town with all the gear from the cabinet shop.
I done TOLE you not to get that loan in your name! Now you ain't never gonna get no credit no more and I sure as HELL ain't marryin' no dishwasher
Gainesville, 1989
Ladies and Gentlemen, I command your attention!
AHEM... Tonight is a new beginning! tonight is the first night of...
Cüddlenacht!
Hey Beef, you had dinner yet?
Yeah, me too. Couple tacos
Alright. Talk to you later, dogg
You always knew you were going to get these earrings, didn't you, Salieri?
Let's always be working class okay Mozart
These earrings will symbolize the Utopian fraud of wealth Ah HA ha ha HAAA!
After the last panel, Mozart whispers TAE YM TIHS
Mr. Kazenzakis. A pleasure to see you this fine, blustery evening. You sit rather low in the water, I daresay.
Man Molly is talkin' about havin' a baby again
And in what direction does that weather aim your vane?
Well honestly I mean I always expected that I might have a tyke at some point when I grew up and got old but I guess I didn't notice that I did that already.
It is not fashionable to dissuade newlyweds from creating offspring, but, in my estimation, children are like the Kennedy Assassination: There you are, John F. Kennedy, and then in an instant your hair's a mess and you have no idea how to gauge the temperature of milk.
Yeah you ain't a guy of kids I got to take that with a grain of salt
Indeed, indeed. I am perhaps selfish in considering children are an unfortunate feature of the species, but the plain truth is that I'd rather sink a cleaver into my own shin than play "hide and seek" with an undersocialized narcissist who doesn't understand what hiding is. Say, why don't you borrow Philippe for a few weeks? That would be a marvelous dry run!
Hello! I need a hug! Wake up! Do you have Dora? I can't visit animals because there is a lice alert! I need to poop! I have a joke about a canary: He was hanging upside-down! Ha ha! Does God have a car?
Here's the thing. Stephen Hawking couldn't fight his way outta a paper bag, right?
There's a lot of things Stephen Hawking can't do with a paper bag but yeah
And he only talks outta a computer?
He's a hackable dude for sure I mean he is basically a laptop
ESTEEMED COLLEAGUES AND MEMBERS OF THE PANEL IT IS MY HONOR TO PRESENT YOU WITH THE LATEST EQUATION...
VISIT GOLDEN PALACE DOT COM FOR ALL YOUR GAMING NEEDS AND FLY ON SIR RICHARD BRANSON'S AIRLINE WHENEVER TIME PERMITS
GASP - GASP - OH MY
Dolly to the dollhouse. The mole has left the mountain. There are seven pieces of rice. Oh me oh my. Do you copy.
Hey, who left this nice tasseled loafer out here in the yard?!
This was gonna get sprinklered on if I didn't find it!
Looks like a pretty expensive shoe ...
mumblmumnumblunm
Whoah, was that a little noise?!
I AM LAZARUS, TASSELED LOAFER TO THE WORLD'S GREATEST BUSINESS MINDS
DON ME AND YOU SHALL SEE THE WORLD AS ITS TRUE COMMANDERS DO!
Hey there little guy! I haf exciting sandwiches deal for you!
Hi Vlad!
Buy ten sandwiches and I put your picture on the Wall Of The Tough Guys!
Really?!
Look, here is James Brolin! He was in just this mornink!
Who?
Here is photo Charles Bronson mails in! He is Master of Tough Guys, but cannot travel due to hip.
Wow!
I want to be on the Wall of Tough Guys!
Excuse me Philippe! Is phone call!
Oh, yes, hello Mister Stallone! No, cannot talk right now! Am with very important customer!
What?
Yes, in fact it is Philippe!
Can you believe it! He is so scared of you, he hangs up!
There's...a snake in...the backyard!
Word! What's he doing?
He's crying!
What's the matter, snake?
It'sss so cold! Can you pleasss take me in for the winter?
Todd! No!
Eat lead, scumbag!
?
ERF
Little Freddie! I thought you was at Tommy G's!
Jeez, what month is it?
I'm just sayin', two guys are in a band, usually both of 'em get to help write songs. Gimme a shot, man.
Hm. I see. This is like women's television. You feel you are not, "being heard."
Well, yeah. Basically.
And do you know what I think of women?
I think that women are clear, like a horrible toy with no color in the plastic.
If they talk, it is the sound of glass breaking and birds burning in a shoebox.
In speaking that way, Lyle—of your needs—you have become the woman of this band.
I will remain as the leader, but you will no longer be allowed to play music. Your job now, as a woman, is to provide hot stews and identify your replacement.
One, two, three!
DAAAAAMN, PEOPLE
RAAAAAY
THE DUDE HAS ICKY MOVES
HE SKATES THE DREAMS OF THE CHILDREN WHO HAVE NO ONE TO SPEAK FOR THEM
Dang but does it smell like simmered-up pinto beans in this place.
Oh! Lyle! You sittin' in the sink! Why come?
Shower's busted. Got a job interview.
You need soap to take a bath, not just whiskey!
What's with the fruit boots?
Oh, this? Diabetes, man! Gonna beat the D in oh-three-plus-three!
Turns out roller skatin' is the best type of exercise there is!
If it's fried to a crunch, I can't have a bunch!
Hey, are you still with Poppy?
Not to my knowledge, but age does quite a fan dance with the big gray party pooper. Perhaps you mean my sweetheart Polly?
Sorry. Is Polly still a... stripper?
Indeed. Why do you ask?
I... I was out at the Brown Jug last night, and I realized I had no idea what was okay, what was off-limits, or even how to tip. I mean, what's the protocol at strip clubs? I couldn't find anything online.
You are wise to ask, as it is quite a fraught subject. Polly has chronicled many a workplace misdeed for me.
You and her should compile the ultimate list of strip-club etiquette! Like Emily Post- but, like, Emily Pole!
I say! I see a bit of an angle in that!
Soon.
A Discreet Primer: On The Subject of Patronizing a Striptease.
It is the most natural thing in the world for a man to wish to view a woman in the nude;
yet, few men can achieve this arrangement on a regular enough basis to maintain a successful sense of self. Hence, the "strip" club.
In this open-minded exploration of all allowable aspects of the subject, the author has attempted to present to you an errorless, or near-errorless -
Jesus, man.
What?
Dude. I was bored by the time I saw the font. Write it like one of those "Dummies" books, and use my computer.
Ah. Point taken. Tone unsuited to subject.
"STRIP" Clubs, But for "DUMMIES"!! By C. "Mack" 2Nite
Quark XPress, you indulgent little vixen, you!
Wink!
I don't want him to waste the ticket.
Yaaay! Done!
Oh god oh shit oh no! Fuck man why they got to do a thing?!
Hello sir! I'm Jim! I'm running for city council! May I put one of my campaign signs in your front yard?
Fuck you for thinking of my property as your whore!
Hi! Before you go into Best Buy, want to hear about our great minute-to-minute family calling plan?
Fuck you for being some hot dumbass employed by a cell phone company! And fuck your calculated tight black pants!
Sir, can you please sign this petition condemning commercial development west of Industrial Road and south of the redistricted--
YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU WANT TO BE NINE-TEEN? GO AHEAD!
YOU JUST STAY THE *FUCK* OUT OF EVERYBODY'S FACE UNTIL YOU GOT THE FUCKIN' JUICE TO GET A JOB WHERE THEY GIVE YOU A *CHAIR*!
Holy Crap! Bensington Butters just launched a premium clothing label, entered treatment for painkiller addiction, AND made the Al Qaeda death list!
That flashy son of a bitch!
He's makin' his move, is what he's doin'. He's goin' all-in, and darin' the other brothers in the syndicate to step to his game.
Well Bensington, I call you. I know your darkest secret.
You like Hanna-Barbera better than Disney.
SOON.
You gotta treat me like a star! You gotta treat me like a god-damned star if I'm gonna talk to you Ray!
Cool, Todd. Let's go someplace we can chat.
So... I'm glad you're not bleeding. Just got a nasty cocaine thump on your chest?
You're frikkin' ridiculous, you know that?! Jerkwad? You got NO idea how ta t-t-treat a star like me!
Hola, you two! My Fiesta Name's Jai In The Sky! Can I star you off with a couple Steak-n-Questo Grilla-Dillas with Double Chipotle Guacamayo? And "wow" about some tall, cold, "Mo', Mo', MO! -jitoes"?
Yeah, uh, just get us started. Thanks Jai.
Great! And did you get your Fiesta Names on the way in?
MY FIESTA NAME IS THAT I'M COMPLETELY FUCKING TWEAKING! PISS OFF, JAI! YOU ASSHOLE!
Heyo!
Uh, if you could just print our Fiesta Names on the reciept, I'd appreciate that, Jai. We can look at them in the car.
No prrrroblem! Enjoy your stay in Las Vegas, guys!
Beef?! Letter for you! No return address!
Beef! Wait!
How did you sleep last night?
Man the dogs next door yelped for an hour after that ambulance went by at 5am
Then lot twelve's hot tub gurgled and spat between 6:30 and 7:30 since it is low on water
The pump cycled down and back up again at least three times as I can remember
Also apparently fifty hundred scared baby birds were born somewhere close by
The guy in lot fourteen undid his velcro shoes just before eight and then lit a cigarette
Probably due to humidity his lighter took three tries
Also I had a dream where a hot naked lady gave me hugs but I resisted the temptation
You broke up with me because someone took pictures of me getting the hugs
You could not see my face to tell that it was against my will
Then I had a brief dream where all my old teachers got together in a meeting room and said how they always could tell that I would get diabetes
...ALL OF OUR LINES ARE BUSY. PLEASE CONTINUE TO HOLD.
Oh jesus do I have to pee.
...MODEMTOWN APPRECIATES YOUR CALL. THIS CALL MAY BE RE-...
They're not going to pick up in the next few minutes.
OH, HI. YEAH, IT HASN'T BEEN UP IN THREE DAYS.
Daaamn, T! Whatchu lookin' at there?
There's this online sideburn generator . . . I was just seeing how I'd look in some different styles.
Huh! How's it work?
You upload a photo and their software superimposes stock sets of sideburns on you.
Check it, they got a "random" button! Fortune favors the brave, dogg!
Alright.
MODE: RANDOM
INITIALIZING . . .
STYLE 2281:
HIS MATHS COMPLETED, HE LATHERS BEFORE STROPPING FATHER'S OWN STRAIGHTEDGE
STYLE 1178:
THE RICTUS OF SAVOY
STYLE 23159
ALL MY BONHOMIE BELONGS TO SUSAN
ALSO CONSIDER
Damn, man. Can you stop this? It's, like, startin' to make me had bad impressions of you.
I know, this is ugly.
STYLE 232337
A SMILE FOR MELANIE
Dude, come on! Close it!
I . . . it's frozen.
STYLE 46:
THE OUROBOROS
STYLE 232338
A SMILE FOR *_ROBERT!_*
STRONGLY CONSIDER
Téodor? No, ain't seen him lately. We kinda need a little distance right now.
Hard to explain. You . . . you ever snoop around in your parents' room and find, like, soft-focus boudoir pics of your mom wearin' red silk gloves and hella Aqua Net?
Exactly. I saw somethin' my brain didn't have a spot for and it was like gettin' bit on the stomach by a horse.
An-an-an I made like five hunnid' bucks las' week! Turns out these chicks never want their money back after I touch it! Total brain thing!
Well, the problem is that you're gonna get a bad reputation, and women are eventually gonna stop calling.
Wrong again, smock-o! It ain't like these chicks is gonna admit callin' a male escort ta each other! it ain't in play!
Real People. Real Reviews.
Male Escort, Premium, Squirrel
Todd is straight but rat-curious.
What? What's it say? Tell me, ya big p-p-piss biscuit!
I'll read these to you for five bucks.
FINE! Here! Get started, jerkwipe!
"My first meeting with Todd was a little rocky. We parted early. But I dearly want to see him again. I–tell no one–I even nurture a physical lust for him."
WOAH! I could totally score wit' that chick! Hook me up!
Hook you up how? You want to send her an email?
Yeah! Send her one 'a those! Tell her I'm down ta lay some pipe startin' now!
Seventy dollars.
Ta send a frikkin' email? You send email all frikkin' day! Just add it on!
I take a loss on most of those. Fork it over; you're still right-side up on this deal.
F-F-Fine, ya big crook, but if I ain't get some spaz bag for all this, you're frikkin' fired!
Ray! Did you know that your Cadillac Escalade only gets twelve miles per gallon?
Naw, but Fuck You for actin' like I'm gonna solve all the world's problems with my car!
Téodor! Did you know that it takes three acres of grain to produce one pound of beef?
Fuck you, Pat. Three acres of grain tastes terrible with a baked potato.
Cornelius! If you're actively enjoying that alcohol, you need to consider intensive therapy and total abstinence.
I have the sneaking suspicion that you take your alarmist medical parameters from the same commercial insurance literature that classifies Elijah Wood as morbidly obese. Fuck along, now.
So long, soldier.
So long, soldier.
So long, soldier.
Here it is, fellows... your new logo!
Man, I hate this logo!
I ain't wear aviators and have chemistry people hair!
Why'd you make me look fat, T?
When you start a company like this, it's important that you look like a couple of dumbfucks from Vermont.
Wrong, wrong, wrong.
When we say "perfect," we mean, like, Swiss, you know?
Picture a perfect Swiss man sitting in his cubic black leather armchair, the crisp click of his lighter as he flames an unforgivingly precise jay--
You're naïve! Perfect Swiss men probably account for under one ten-millionth of a percent of worldwide joint sales!
Shame on you for thinking the demographic is inflexible! Sometimes the product creates the consumer, T!
Come on! Compete in the established marketplace, you pussy!
Yeah, and get iced by Mexican yeyo boys? No thanks, fool!
SHUT UP! Shut up, both of you! God, I've never wanted to start a joint company less in my life!
My heavens, Roast Beef! What an unthinkable predicament!
KILL THE LIGHT!
Oh it wasn't so bad I guess
I mean Ray would do some pretty kinky stuff sometimes but I could always just close my eyes and cover my ears
Yes, Beef. What were you seeink?
Yeah, what didja see?
Well
One time he and this girl Melissa were gonna Do It
But Ray refused to put out his cigarette 'cause it was kind of an expensive brand
So he put an ashtray on her back and went about his business
Whoah!
Is SO nasty!
Then just as he 'maxed he took a big drag and spelled his name out in smoke
Dogg we sayin' up hell of yo mama jokes in my place
Yeah right no limits knuckles style exactly
Yo mama smokes so much meth, the put the tooth fairy up at the Radisson!
Yo mama was so small and deformed, in the school play she was a potato with a hearing aid!
Yo mama so crass, she smokes a cigar and eats shrimp cocktail on the bus!
Yo mama s ugly, she tucks her bridge toll into her harelip!
Yo mama so primitive, after she uses the bathroom her hind legs scrape at the floor!
Yo mama so grouchy, she slaps the doorknob before she turns it!
Yo mama got such a thick beard, you catch her and the bitch says where the treasure is hidden!
Yo mama's on the no fly list 'cause she got two hook feet and the croup!
yo mama so greedy, she won't pee.
Yo mama's so poor, Somalia sent her a cup of water with plastic wrap over the top!
Yo mama got such bad breath, dogs get calories by huffin' her mouth!
Yo mama got such long buck teeth, she can cut her food while noddin' and lookin' you in the eye!
Here you go, T! Merry Christmas. Sorry I didn't get this to you on the big day.
It's been crazy.
Wow, you wrote a book?
Heh! Yeahhhhh. Just got it back from the printer.
re you There, God? It's Me, Jamiroquai. By R. Smuckles
US $24.95 ISBN 0-312-37378-3
Be sure to tell me what you think. I don't even know if this was the right thing to do.
aww yeah Vidal Sassoon do it to me one more time
Ray! RAY! Can you hear me?
yeah! what's up?
We're going to see Checkpoint Charlie and the Berlin Wall soon! If we have time, we're going to hit a couple cathedrals!
Count me out, T!
You have other plans?
I chartered a special flight home with Todd!
You're LEAVING?
Yeah! I felt like burnin' one in my hot tub and listening to the Police! I miss doin' that! Doesn't that sound great? Scampi and lamb burgers on the grill?
I promise to look at cathedrals in a library book next time I get the chance.
This is Captain Todd s-s-speakin'! We got us a full flight today! Dinner is some pizzas and our in-flight movie is Faces of Death III!
Yeah, I'm callin' to register for the 2006 Great Outdoor Fight.
What?
Qualifyin' rounds be damned. I'm BOC.
1973. Rodney Leonard Stubbs. I'm his son.
Hell yes I can prove it. You name the place. I call you or your local representative out.
Okay, hold on. I gotta grab a pen.
Hey, sorry 'bout that. Yeah. Ramada Inn, by the airport, room 215. Thanks.
Oh, whose ass am I kicking? Yours, or another guy?
Seriously? Envelópe Martinez? Fight Champion 1997? Nice!
Alright, thanks Aaron.
Envelópe! It's Ray, across the street!
Listen, man! You know how I agreed to stop callin' the police over your animatronic nativity scene?
Yeah, I got a favor.
It's like, you shouldn't eat an animal unless you're capable of killin' it with your own hands.
Way much people are signin' up for this class.
What's the deal like you glock a cow behind Whole Foods or something
FOOD CHAIN! GET USED TO IT!
...I shouldn't have yelled at him. That was uncalled for.
No, man. We shavin' our heads and curbin' a mussel.
All on a Williams-Sonoma silicone curb mat with a trough that collects the juices.
Hey little guy, you seen Téodor?
Hi Ray!
I got issues with a dish I'm makin'.
Téodor is taking a nap.
I'm awake!
What's not working out for you?
My tuna tartare came out all ill. I can't tell what the problem is.
Hm. Did you separate out the muscle tissue and remove the silvery stuff before dicing it?
No, man. I didn't.
Most people don't. Try that, and add some minced chives to this wasabe dressing.
Damn, that's a good idea.
Captain Ray Smuckles
Hey Ray! H-H-How's business?
Pretty slow, Todd.
If ya don't have any customers right now, can you take me up? I got a couple bucks?
Well, yeah, but you won't be in the Mile High Club.
What?! Why not?
Well, first of all you got to have sexual relations! You can't get in alone!
But I ain't got a girlfriend!
Come on, man! Ten bucks!
Look, Todd...I don't usually do this, but...I've got a sexy video you can watch. How about that?
I can get in by watchin' porno?
Well, not just by watchin'...I mean, you got to do the deed, of course.
Oh! Sure! No problem!
Man, the things I do for this club.
Charley boy, how would ye like to go to a place where all there is to do is play lightnin' box with Taffy, mornin' til night?
Study unda this playa? Awww hellzicious yes!
AND LATER.
Alright well I think we've got everybody up to the point where they're gonna wake up all nervous until they can mentally think back through the evening and make sure they didn't do somebody's aunt on a coffee table
Let's sneak away before people's aunts start using coffee tables as sex traction, sweetie.
You had me at Sex Traction Aunts Getting Vodka-Rogered On Glass Furniture
All the magazines are saying that terrible is the new horrible, and that must be why I love you, Roast Beef K.
Wow, Philippe's old car's out... haven't seen this thing in a while...
Oh sheesh, he put tacky stickers all over it... that kid.
You're damn right I said I rocked a whiskey dick all night!
Sssip
The HELL that's what it means! YOU'RE a MORON!
Huh?!
It means I drank so much whiskey that I had my game pipe up until I fell asleep! I was rad and walkin'! What the hell's it mean to YOU?!
That's pathetic. You talkin' 'bout Kahlua cock or somethin'. Sapporo schlong. If Jack Daniel's makes you anything less than the man with abilities in his pants, then I don't even want to know you.
Psst! Philippe! Behind you!
Lie Bot! What are you doing in that bush?
I'm waiting to see if George Michael wanders in here looking for pleasure! Chances are, you know!
Sounds good! I'll be inside if you need me.
Okay. Great.
SOON.
Well would you look at that! They discovered that Pluto is just a pissed-off piece of snow! Ain't no planet at all!
Beef!
Oh uh hey Ray how's it goin'
How's it going with YOU, Mr. Hurlin' in the Bathroom?
Oh man could you hear that through the door
Could I hear it through the door? They practically evacuated the building! You sounded like Chewbacca tryin' to lose weight for the prom!
Seriously, Beef, if movin' in with that broad is gonna burn you on the molars, you gotta pull the brake. Sickin' up breakfast is nature's way of telling you to reconsider your situation!
Dogg but sometimes maybe great advances come at somewhat of a price you know
You're sellin' yourself toupees. Let's go hit the Smoke.
Man, we got to get some thinner toilet paper up at this place!
Oh uh Ray you may want to see this
Huh? What? Why did you say that?
They cut into 60 Minutes 'cause there is urgent news about a boy driving a Honda Civic into a lake at one inch per hour
That's a lame car. Sensible, but lame. Why should I care?
Just look at the screen will you
No. Uh-uh. Nothin' doin'. I seen a Honda Civic before, and I don't need to waste a bunch of time re-seeing it.
Come on dude just look for three seconds
Forget it, Beef! That's ridiculous! Anyone would tell you the same!
I'll be in the kitchen. I got an idea for a drink called a Jeepers Creepers.
Not sitting around seeing Honda Civics - inventing stuff. That's me. That's how I live.
Philippe! Package for you!
Oh boy! It came!
What did you get?
Watch!
Ray! Is for what?!
Make love like a mountain!
Oh!! Seven-kinky!
Oooh. Hold on, is my tummy.
Pill has hella side product!
Life is never neat; life is always bad.
\> I can't catch a f-f-frikkin' fish!
\> if you ain't noticed, pal, a fish's like a frikkin' alligator ta me!
\> easy for you ta say! a trout can't fit your n-n-nuts in its mouth!
\> no!
\> up yours, dude!
\> fukkit go to punishment side of tree
\> tie mirror ta stick, look around tree at what he's d-d-doin'
\> look in trunk
\> gross
Acorn need work to be tasty. Best place of latrine? 100 meter from area.
Oh, police blotter. You make every newspaper a newspaper from Florida.
Whatcha got.
Police Blotter
June 12
East Achewood -- A man was found severely beaten outside the TransBay bus terminal. He did not wish to press charges or identify his attacker.
Peltenham Terrace Apartments -- Three men were found severely beated on the building's front steps. They reported to officers that they had looked the wrong way at the wrong man, and that they were very sorry.
Damn. All this temperature lately got folks real on edge.
Hidden Hills -- The Achewood Community College men's basketball team was found severely beaten behind Chili's. They said they were very sorry for having laughed at an older gentleman's hat, and that they would try to focus more on their grades once their wounds had healed.
One Player who declined medical treatment reported that he was going home to focus on his grades "immediately."
Achewood Golden Lanes -- A man of about sixty bowled a perfect game, but when staff insisted that he pose for a Polaroid, he became combative and "bowled" their camera down a vacant lane. Although the camera shattered on impact, all ten pins fell.
Why does this...
Why does this all seem so... familiar...
The hell this KitchenAid doesn't come with the dough hook attachment, woman.
I... I'll call upstairs again.
PHILIPPE
Uh no Todd
Water don't have too much nutrients in it I don't believe
Stand down, Roast Beef! Water has hella nutrients in it!
Uh hold on would you please Todd
How do you think plants get so big on it?
Ray I am speaking with a friend right now
Water is full of nutrients! That's all I'm trying to say!
Uh yeah he's gone now
Anyhow Todd that's the reason water is so cheap I think
Hey, whatcha watchin'?
Lyle just picked up the new Candy Canyons DVD, dogg! Pull up a seat!
That pornstar who died last year?
No, you thinkin' of Fratella San Zanille. Candy is still alive. Check it out.
Does it really have Peter Dudewood?
Nah, it's just one of those fake-outs where they show him on the box. This one just has some Mexican guy with a knee brace.
Oh, you watched it already?
Yeah, we cruised through it at lunchtime. Still worth a second look, though.
Heyo! Money shot!
Why do these guys always pretend like they don't know how to jack off? No man on earth just uses his fingertips.
What are you doing, Téodor?
I'm programming my own website!
Your website sucks! I can't read anything over that obnoxious background image.
Why don't you just TRY a little harder?
Why don't you just get rid of that stupid background image?
Why don't you just GO TO HELL, Lyle?
I AM in hell, when I look at your website!
And what graveyard did you get that dancing baby out of?
Frikkin' hacks!
Excuse me, Todd?
This l-l-logo's terrible! I ain't payin' you for this kinda work!
Where's the jazz? Where's the oomph?
It... it tested very well with our focus group! I... I think you might want to reconsider that opinion!
Remake it or I'm cannin' this whole deal!
GO AHEAD! See if I care, you little piece of shit!
Bad news, Téodor. Major setback with the Todd account.
What's up?
He's not happy with the logo. He says it needs more "jazz."
Alright, gimmie half an hour.
Also, I called him a piece of shit and told him to fire us.
Oh hell man enough about me how about you Téodor
Where you from
My parents came over from Minsk just before I was born--
Mom worked in a bakery and Dad was an actuary for a big insurance company.
I guess we were pretty comfortable.
An actuary huh
So like he created big tables of life expectancies based on lifestyle variables and such
Like whether a man lived in an urban area or commuted more than five miles a day
Basically. It could be pretty grim around our house.
One time he found a pack of Camels in my room when I wasn't around--
Later I found him sitting on my bed, crying over old family photos.
Now what's this all about.
Hello, this is Sergeant Bill Callahan.
Uh, hi... my name's Téodor. What's up?
Are you doing anything wrong right now, Téodor?
Uh, no, no... just reading the paper.
Can you see anyone doing anything wrong?
No, not really.
Thank you for your call.
Did I just pay for that?
What are you doing, Philippe?
I'm studying about my family!
Oh! That's good!
I know! It's important!
So, do you want to get up at 5 tomorrow, or sleep in until 6?
Oh, better make it five! I was going to take some of the neighborhood kids to breakfast before work.
Okay, I'll wake you when I get back from 4 o'clock mass.
Oh! Better take me with you. I want to pray.
What's up, fellas?
We be talkin' dirty!
Oh, man! I want in on that!
Do you think you can hang with the dirtiest dudes in town?
Sure!
Then say the dirtiest thing you can.
Man, that was dirty!
Where'd you learn to talk that way, boy?
Mr. Bear, what will the rest of my life be like?
Well, I suppose you'll enter grade school, where you'll preoccupy yourself with conspicuously eating only the most popular items.
Then you'll go to college, where you'll form an experimental band that will do controversial things like play in 15/23rd time and shower together.
After college, you'll take a trip to the southern Californian desert where you'll eat plants that your parents despise and realize that you are fantastic.
...I always wondered!
From there you'll attempt to write the great American novel, and support yourself in ways not of your choosing. Hopefully sooner rather than later you'll crack open a book that is older than Coca-Cola and realize that here under the sun, there is nothing new left to be written.
Once you recover, you can just rattle off whatever you like and sell it by the pound.
Wow, I get to take a shower with a band? Totally cool!
\> who tha frick's that?!
\> b-but ain't you that guy who don't like people leavin' his country?
\> I...uh...I ain't seen that one.
\> s-s-so what?
\> n-n-nice! what about you?
\> that's frikkin' tough as hell, man!
\> peel out S-S-SO FRIKKIN' HARD!
What the...why's there all this stinky pee on the garage floor?!
Whoah! What the heck's it reflecting? There's no computer monitor in here!
Maybe...spread the puddle out with this stick... read it better...
Man, I wonder what ever happened to Bill Cosby...
What the...?
Todd! God damn you! Get back here with my thong!
So! You think you ever gonna want kids, Beef?
Is this like one of those emotional conversations
Seriously! You ever picture a little one on your knee, same face as you?
I see you been readin' my nightmare journal
Next you gonna mention lifting up a nacho and seein' a big old terrified eye starin' at you
I am: THE FERMULE.
Yes! Téodor!
What is the basic unit of Physics, Alex!
Very good!
Next answer: Cubans are this!
Lyle!
What is bisalivary?
Correct! And now for $600: He likes to make these!
Lyle again!
What are clown jokes!
Very good! OOH and now a Daily Double!
Who once told his wife to "smile like a donut"?
Yes, Lyle!
The...oh, crap. Uh, the person who invented Halloween?
No, I'm sorry Lyle!
FUCK!
Téodor, do you have an answer for us?
You did, Alex!
Correct! High-five!
What's in the crate, Ray?
This is my new Whiskey a la Mood sampler!
What's that?
Twelve bottles of whiskey, each one guaranteed to make you feel a different way!
This one makes you all cozy and nostalgic...
...and this one will make you boisterous and friendly, but in a way that will be too strong for some people.
Ooh, cool! The all-black bottle!
What's that one do?
It's the wild card! You got to guess what the effect is! Here, see if you can tell.
KISS MY ASS, BITCH! I'LL BE AT DUANE'S!
Dang man how long even has it been since I seen a Playboy
Lessee here what's he got to say this time
Fuel additives aren't really necessary in most cars well I'll be diddled
Woah
My Boyfriend of 1+ years and I talked about getting a place together but lately he's been balking. We currently live with his unbearable grandmother (you can see through her teeth to the pulp inside) in a smelly trailer. We make enough money between the two of us to get a little studio somewhere, yet he is having trouble committing. How can I tell if this is a nonstarter? Miss M, Achewood, California.
Ray? Curious letter for you. What...what am I interrupting?
Oh, just workin' on ideas for my New Years card. Got my childhood cooler here.
Very good. I note that the address is actually typed on a 1903 Hellerbach, meaning this isn't some sort of misleading mortgage advertisement.
Oh, you'd be surprised. They can do anything these days.
The next day.
Hi, Ray. Dornheim. Got time for lunch or a beer? I saw a few places within five miles. We can take my Honda.
So.
No, the service ceiling of the F/A-18 Hornet is only 50,000 feet, so a rogue Blue Angel wouldn't pose any threat to an orbiting Space Shuttle.
But what about its missiles?!
Good question, but the F/A doesn't carry hardpoints that can function in zero gravity.
Philippe man you lookin' tight
Thank you Roast Beef!
I just exercised and ate healthy!
How's about we go get us a coupla' subs down at Subway
Oh, I don't know...
Come on dogg 7 under 6 it is my treat
Oh boy!
Did you really think I wouldn't figure it out?! HUH? You BITCH?
Watch this. He says crazy things if you mess with him.
Whuh? What's in that syringe? Liquid sourdough bread? Get that away from me zzzz
I cannot BEAR this! You know NOTHING of this instrument!
Do you know how to play the banjo Pat
Hush! Always so quick to speak, Roast Beef!
Now, sit and experience an original instrumental composition which will, in five parts, evoke...
...the coming of age of a boy whose father was killed in the Civil War.
See if you can tell which battle!
Doc! Doc Andretti! It's Ray, man!
Ray? I'm at a restaurant with my mother.
I... I keep blackin' out and fallin' down, Doc! I think it's quick-onset diabetes!
Kind of like that time after the Elks' Lodge crab feed when you got hit with a case of 24-hour colon cancer? Look, Ray, I'd be happy to chat but I'm at a restaurant with my mother.
Graphics for packaging display only.
Geology Greg from City College Community Minute says that marshes are where land and water meet! I'll just follow the creek!
Roast Beef! Emergency party at my place! Call everyone you know!
Oh yeah dogg I got a steaming hot bowl of macaroni here but once it cools I will put it in the fridge and head out
Yeah right exactly don't put hot things in the fridge exactly
Yeah I'll blow on it and stir it around of course
Hey Emeril you guys got to come to a party at Ray's in a little bit
Yeah I got to cool off this fresh hot macaroni before I put it in the fridge and head over
Right exactly
Boy, this creek goes on for EVER! I better start camping before it gets too late!
Oh, shoot! I forgot a can opener for the pork and beans.
What am I supposed to eat?
LATER THAT NIGHT.
Ohhh g-g-gosh... s-s-sooo c-cold... s-s-sooo hungry...
What the hell is all that?
Golf Golf Golf Revolution.
Beef, what the hell is that?
Turn around.
Philippe, what the hell are you crying about?
I want a chainsaw! I want a chainsaw NOW! Everybody has a chainsaw but ME!
There. What's it like having a chainsaw.
You're MAD at me! SHAME on you!
Seriously Pat try this liquor I made
What is it?
I made it out of raisins that I fermented in a jar
It's kind of like a...Schnapps, if you will
Ech! It's kind of like rocket fuel!
Heh heh you'll get to like it
See Pat when I get out
I would like to open a company that sells cutting boards
But the thing that is special about my cutting boards
Is that they do not hold DNA evidence
ONE HOUR LATER.
There, is that what you meant by "shirtless Irish jump-dancing"?
Yep, yep. That'll do juuuuust fine.
I amplified the sexual appearance of the trousers. I hope that's in keeping with your request.
Masterstroke, Lonis.
Unfortunately, all I have in the way of transporting you two back home is this invisible bed-and-breakfast-themed caboose full of post-menopausal real estate agents.
We'll have it coupled to the next northbound train.
Hold on. What's all this talk I'm hearing about a caboose full of post-menopausal real estate agents?
I'm not proud that I have it. I drank too many Singapore Slings at my personal Christmas party and was a little self-indulgent in the lab.
I got to ride home in an orgy of frosted tips and BMW-butt, watching Bensington get whipped cream licked off his stomach by some woman who ain't bought an album since Rumours? Maybe I'll walk.
Dude, I am totally impressed with Cornelius. We should build him that old-school bus I was describin'.
Oh totally like all with the bound works of Herodotus linin' the interior cornice
I would like to get this done.
Yeah the idea is that the horn will play Jesu Joy of Man's Desiring
Cornelius! Those monogrammed hankies you won in the Badass Games just showed up! Come over! What? Yeah there was a prize! We didn't tell you?
So how you been Pat what it is
Been gettin' in shape, boy!
Like you are jogging now and such as eating scallops
No, no, no. Total body fitness - cardio, aerobics, strength training, diet, the works! Even got me a personal trainer down at Pacific Health Club!
So you all cut now is what it is huh
You don't get THESE programmin' a computer!
Oh man that is mega nasty
LOOKS LIKE JACKS FUCKING DONG
Téodor! Guess what I learned today!
That pure vanilla extract doesn't taste very good by itself?
No! Lie Bot taught me how to do a break-dance move! Watch!
RAP MUSIC, MY DROOGS!
00:00am - Crumb coat tier 1 of cake to prepare for frosting.
00:50am - Rows 30-32. CHAIRS DONE.
02:00am - Mince cooled mushrooms for duxelle. Remove puff pastry from freezer.
03:00am - Set table 1.
04:15am - Remove beef tenderloins from fridge.
04:30am - Set table 2.
05:45am - Crumb coat tier 2.
06:30am - iPod - Put The Who "Heaven and Hell, Live at Leeds" on repeat for next eight hours.
07:00am - Start 30 quarts water on boil for blanching green beans. Given 30qts weigh 60 lbs, and starting temp of 70F, need to raise water by 142F to boil. 142 degrees X 60 lbs water = 8520 BTU needed... can that be right? Burner is 30k BTU...get back to this one****
07:30am - Trim 20 lbs green beans while stock pot fills
10:00am - Remove lamb stew from fridge
10:30am - Make sure at least two cameras are charging. Camera two will be video only. Get lanyards.
Check out this statistic! It says here a guy with only SIX pictures of his butt on the Internet makes more per year than a public schoolteacher!
So? That's not that much.
It only goes up from there! A dude with just ONE mp3 of his butt on the Internet makes eight to ten times that much!
Huh. Alright, I'm down. Do you have a microphone hooked up to this thing?
Think so.
Yeah, but the 911 won't hold its value as well as the BMW. Oh, god. Who cares. Sorry... that was carryover thinking from simpler times...one sec.
Ooh...man.
Ouch.
I just ate a hunk of salami, and it is doin' me NO favors.
Salami can be pretty spicy
Maybe you got a touch of sass gut
Yeah, that sounds about right.
What's a good remedy?
Mix a little Judge Harlan's Unknown Tonic with an equal part of flour water
Damn, they did that in your family too? My great aunt used to mix that up for my Uncle Gérard!
Yeah uh Gramma K would give that to Showbiz when he had pimp skitters
What's...pimp skitters?
If you only take your meals standing and they all tend to be greasy street foods they tend to give you sinner's ass somethin' awful
You know how much hip-hop I listen to. How come I never heard of pimp skitters?
It ain't like Snoop Dogg wants people knowing about the time he couldn't find a McDonald's and had to pull his Tommys around his ankles while his hoes held up a beach towel
Goodness gracious, Téodor! What is that invidious tang?
It's this pee.
Well for God's sake, man, hoist your head! That is no way to pass a sunny afternoon.
It's...look at the words going by In It! It's like a portal to another world!
"I now Ultraviolet Thunder, Immortal Master of Eagles."
If this is your attempt to get back at me for parting brass rags over that Dummies' Guide to Strip Clubs, then you grossly overestimate my patience for tricks involving urine.
Just read it for a second, man! It's fascinating!
As surely as Dante first saw Beatrice reflected in the puddle of a micturating sow, I am certain it is stuff for the ages.
Meanwhile, I want no part of your "slanted-mirror hokum and jive." Adieu.
Fine. Your loss.
You are in Jilin Provence, China. There is a mountain here.
\> drive around tha frikkin' mountain hope we got enough gas
Can I get you another Corona, Roast Beef?
Oh uh yeah awesome I would like that thanks
Excuse me first though - I got to see a man about a famous urinating horse which I am considering buying
Ooh dang man I got some waxy buildup - better find a Q-Tip
Don't want her seeing that
Whoah are those condoms - must be from like an ex-boyfriend or something
Uh oh
And this just in:
Chris just don't want to write no damn new strip today, he says!
But he does want to thank AmINakedOrNot.com for being yesterday's top referrer!
Thank you, AmINaked!
GREAT MOMENTS IN CINEMA
Oh man Khan don't put that ding dang worm in my dang old ear !
It's gonna wiggle all in my noggin and hella kill me !
Oh dang dogg oh DAAAAANG
DAAAAAAAANG IIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
Oh no! What's old Cornelius doin' way out this far from home? Did he finally get senility?
Oh man if he gets scared and tries to go to bed in the crosswalk it is on us man IT IS ON US!
EEEAUGH!
We've got to help him! Society shits on the elderly! Someone has to care! Pull over!
No man wait he can't see us this way HE CAN'T SEE US THIS WAY
He's old, man! He's about to commit suicide! Look at him! It's suicide for sure!
The Achewood Board of Regents would like to award the 2006 Medal of Excellence to...
Google.
This may seem obvious at first but rarely does a company with a logo that retarded become the undisputed hub of the worldwide information exchange.
IBM's logo speaks of hard-ass instant coffee and Barney Miller. We think of the smell of carbon copy forms. It is assumed that men will drink rye at lunch.
Yahoo! has a regrettable logo, but Google, your mom made your logo. You were running late that day and she drew it in the car on the way to the meeting.
Google, someone who was nineteen designed your logo. It is now seen by every living thing, every day. Hundreds of years from now, archaeologists will think we were all nimrods. Nice going.
Alright, time to execute on Operation Horrible Front Yard. Where we at, T?
Let's see... the anti-abortion fanatics are waming up in the half-bath by the den...
"YOU ALL LIKE ICE CREAM, RIGHT? WITH NICE BIG RED GRAPES ON TOP? BIG ROUND RED GRAPES WITH TWO TINY LITTLE BLACK SEEDS INSIDE?"
...and we couldn't get an old gas oven, so we're just going to microwave the Sandra Bullock head in the driveway.
Hm. This ain't enough. What else is really offensive? Quick, what comes to mind?
Uh... ignorance?
Alright, run with it. Use your imagination, just start building. I gotta makes a tennis date at the club, but I'll be back later.
AND AS SOLDIERS IN GOD'S ARMY WE DECLARE AN OATH OF CHRISTIAN JIHAD ON THE "DOCTORS" WHO HIDE BEHIND THE "LAW"! FOR THE LORD RECOGNIZES NOT THE MEANINGLESS, HOME-MADE WRIT OF MURDERERS! WE--HEY!
Bad news, Ray. The pro-lifers thought another part of the display was making fun of them, so they set up over in Envelope's yard.
No, it actually looks like they already know each other.
...yeah, it's pretty much a wash. Tell you what: I'll rearrange the sign to advertise Friday's party.
What the fuck is the matter with me, man? I'm serious!
My parents really did a number on me man I mean there's not getting around that THERE'S NO GETTING AROUND THAT
Slow down man here are at Wendy's slow down SLOW DOWN oh my god!
Oh god please don't be mad at me I JUST can't deal with that right now man please
Oh my god I'm so sorry I just didn't want us to miss the entrance!
I'm turning around man they can't see us this way no one can see us this way!
I ain't know much in this world, but Sylvia Plath did NOT sport a whale tail.
They screwed up. They sent us the Sandra Bullock doll.
Man, this barely even looks like Sandra Bullock. Could be any pointy white chick.
We send it back, it's another 7-10 days.
Jesus. I shoulda known a project this complicated was gonna run into conundrums.
Crap! It's the anti-abortion people. I knew they'd be early.
Should I get them started, at least?
THIS IS A TWO INCH DOLL! IT'S THE SAME SIZE AS A FETUS! AND GUESS WHAT?! THE LEFTIST JEW RUN MEDICO-MEDIA CONSPIRACY STATE WANTS IT *DEAD*!
Shouldn't that thing be bloody? I thought your ad said you guys were the best.
Dang it, Randy! This is the DRY one. We use it for passin' around classrooms. We use the WET one for outside stuff.
Damn--I ain't talked to Téodor in like a week, ever since I said that we were both too fat.
Téodor! This is Robert Smith, from The Cure! I am their main singer! How are you, dogg?
Oh! Yes! I did lose my British accent! I must have left it in the hearse!
Anyway, Ray Smuckles is sorry he was crass to you last week!
Yes, I take sit-down baths! How about you, my goth brother? Do you sit down in a sit-down bath as well?
Oh! Dude! That stings! Ow, stop sayin' that you take you take a shower!
Anyhow, I'm going to put my half of phone call through to Ray's house so you can work things out. BEEP HISSS buhWOOOOP!
Oh! Téodor! Thanks for bein' the bigger man and gettin' in touch!
Is that Oregon Trail?! Man, I used to PUNISH at this game!
Let's see here...got to outfit my wagon, get some oxen, shoe the horses...
Hiram the Blacksmith asks if you would like a cocktail while you wait.
Holy Hallelujah! I don't remember this part! "I'll take a whiskey."
Hiram the Blacksmith pours you a generous tumbler of fine bourbon whiskey.
"Pound the whiskey!"
"Whew-that went down fast. Care for another?
Hey, if you're offerin'! "Yes!"
Hiram the Blacksmith watches with disgust as you lie on your back and shoot vomit several feet into the air, letting it land on your face as you cackle maniacally.
Ha ha!
Roast Beef! That lady don't have no underpants on!
Why, I didn't even think you liked that kind of stuff!
I...I'm a normal man
I have needs
That just makes me SO mad! SO so mad! Oh my LORD I can't believe how angry I am right now!
DO YOU WANT SOME FRITTATA?
Beef! Wake up! Téodor brought us a delicious-looking frittata!
Thank you for agreeing to go on an extremely long drive with me Ray
I find that often times the endless road allows the mind to wander and gives the thoughts a certain freedom to... "fraternize"
No worries. You got anything in particular you want to listen to?
Well the way I see it there are two songs in the world
Ramblin' Man by the Allman Brothers
So let's call it "Ray's delite" and you can choose whichever one you like best
Allman Brothers? Ain't that like plugged-in duelin' banjos? Phish for hicks?
Uh...Ramblin' Man.
Okay then
The music lulled Ray into an almost hypnotic state, as it does with all men of good, easy character. I was pleased to see this.
After a spell he began to reveal his innermost secrets.
Before long we were at the secret redwood patch, and there I plied him with a strong country poteen of my own devisement.
So uh sorry I missed your birthday Onstad
All I had around was this bottle of Asahi
I guess I realize that it is basically a pretty cruddy present
I didn't know how cold you would like it uh so I didn't chill it or anything
stupid
Anyway I was bidding on eBay for this Jane's Addiction shirt for you
Anyways
Alright men, this is where the Badass Games get scientific!
We gonna administer a test to determine your psychological profile doggs
This test is virtually impossible to cheat! Just go with your gut!
Here are your number two pencils
Heh!
Hm.
But I thought you were a "Cyber-punk," Billy! How come you're scared of Chucklebot?
LOOK
Well how come you used to call yourself a "Cyber-punk," then?
I HAD ME MATE SET ME UP
You called yourself a "Cyber-punk" just because you had an e-mail address?
I FLAMED ME OWN DAD
You naughty boy! You left your clothes all over the floor again!
Yes.
Yes I did.
If you don't clean them up, I'm going to have to sit all over your birthday cake!
WHAT?! WHAT DO YOU WANT? What could you possibly want! Do you know who you are and why I am so mad at you? WHO IS THIS?!
Um, Ray Smuckles? This is Gavin from the Dementia Arms.
You brought your brother Todd in for treatment?
That bullshit little man ain't my brother! He just a crappy little bullshit man! Everyone can see that!
Well YEAH he's in for the discount rehab program! Leeches? Yeah, the dude loves leeches! He always out gettin' his leech on! Why you still talkin' to me?!
Damn, Pat! What's up, my gay homey! Mojito of artisanal rum?
Hello, Ray. Thank you for inviting me over. Yes, please.
Dude, I just wanted to make sure you didn't think I was homophobic at you or anything, now that you're outta' the closet.
I appreciate that. Knowing who stands where on the subject is something of a relief.
Totally. So, you take it in the can now! That's different.
Not cool, Ray.
Man, we just shootin' the breeze! Two old dudes who known each other since milk money days! Why's that off the table?
I don't ask what happens between your sheets!
Hair falls off my body and sometimes there is gas! Jesus, use your imagination!
Well, why don't you imagine "takin' it in the can" and let me enjoy my privacy!
Okay, fine! Hold on.
"Dang, I never thought it would be like this! A guy is rocking my can!"
That pretty much how it goes?
30 in the mornin'
This looks to be their home, mother.
Daddy!
There there, daughter. Emotions.
Now say hello to your brothers, for they have come as well.
Bleddyn!
Cadoc!
Gareth!
Haydn!
Cadwalader!
Dylan!
Marc!
Owen!
Morcant!
Padraig!
Vaughan!
Anwen!
Arwel!
Cledwyn!
Dewey!
St. Hoppy!
Taffy!
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Hello! English-Speaking Pizza!
Hi, I'd like to place an order.
Yes! Go ahead, sir! In English, of course!
Listen, I've been duped by "English-speaking" pizza places before. Prove it.
Oh, I love to speak English, sir!
You do, do you? How much do you love it?
I love speaking English very much! I love it a thousand times!
Do you love saying "canadian bacon"?
Yes! Canadian bacon! I am very much into the canadian bacon!
Do you love not forgetting that I am ordering Canadian bacon right now?
Yes! Yes! Completely! It is a love story!
What if Jared died in a different way in each new commercial?
Is good! Is good, Téodor! I like this!
So...do you have other ideas about how you'd want Jared to die?
Well, obviously one idea is that he is showink off old pants of his, when wind catches them and carries him into power lines. ... Is perhaps most basic idea.
Good! What else?
Here, why don't you just look a brainstorm sheet.
Because of their long ears, dogs can sense and be hurt by the crushing silence of non-production.
What... what happened, man?
It was the shoes. They fought for hours. They had you dancing until your legs gave out.
Toward the end, you were screaming, crying, begging us to help you...
Man, I doubt I was CRYIN'!
...but the shoes would always dance away from us while you blubbered.
I don't even know HOW to blubber!
Blubbering is when you're crying so hard that when you try to talk, it just comes out like "A BLOOOO BLA BLOO BLOO BLOOOOOOOO!" Here, Lyle got most of it with his video camera.
A BLOO BLA BLOO BLOO BLOOOO! BLOO BLOOOO! A BLOO BLA BLOOO!
What the-- man, erase this! The last thing I need is this windin' up on that damned...
And...Jesus Christ! Is that Cornelius's special bowl?!
Dunno. Found it inna sink with some dried noodles in it.
Ah, you're making noodle soup this evening! Capital! Here, let me fetch my special bowl.
You?you might not want to use that. Lyle filled it with vinegar today and teabagged it until his eyes watered.
How untoward! Well, I'll just have to wash it in some hot, soapy water.
I...how can you even consider that?! When that guy just has GAS I change my shirt and run the garbage disposal!
Hm. Perhaps you're right.
This bowl is special, but it is not as special as my mouth's reputation for the vigilant avoidance of perinea that would cause an ammoniated Taleggio to dash its hat to the ground and slink off in defeat.
What's up Drabble, you dipshit?
Excuse me? Who are you calling for?
Drabble, dumbass! YOU!
That's our family name. It's not just one person.
The main guy, then! Donnie Drabble! I don't know! Just put him on, you ten inch monkey!
Daaad! It's for you!
Hello! This is Ralph Drabble.
Hi! I simply looove reading about your family in the newspaper every day!
Why, thank you!
Tell me, what are you wearing right now, Big R?
Let's see here... white Reeboks, some jeans I bought at the grocery store...
Alright, now say it again, dammit! LOUDER!
You are my wife, Ray! I am married to you! Today is our wedding!
Ha ha! Look at this - "LOST: cat, short hair, answers to 'Mr. Smuckles.'"
Isn't that Ray's name?
Yeah, but he doesn't seem like the kind of guy who'd get "lost."
Apparently Ray is worth fifty dollars!
"Male, 5 years old, neutered." Man, Ray's neutered?
He did put on some weight this year.
Aight, Connie. Let's get those cougars creamin' for a... lemme see here... "Traditional Sicilian Caper Desalinizing Bowl."
Thirty-four dollars for a bowl with "Cappero" painted unevenly on the rim? I've seen finer lettering on necks.
Not your place to judge. You a ho of some pretty spendy smokes, if I need to say that.
Soon.
Judi relaxed at her kitchen's large granite island, a chilled Montrachet in her stemless Riedel.
Claudio, an olive skinned former lifeguard from Palermo, prepared to audition for her plum personal chef position. He inspected the stove, the cutlery, the pantry.
Suddenly, he stopped and grinned. Slowly, gently, his hands cupped and lifted an authentic Sicilian "Cappero" from a low drawer. She sipped her wine, discreetly undoing the lower-most button of her blouse.
Until now, he had considered her nothing more than an inelegant, nouveau riche "Americana." The Cappero, though, proved her a woman of the world, a woman of taste, a woman practiced at holding her own in the fiery choreography of Mediterranean seduction. ###
Riddle! What's the sound of a million Italian caper bowls gettin' sold? The sound of this piece of paper, existing.
You are too kind. Another sixty for the lurid, bespoke description of their carnal finale?
Make it a hundo, and go heavy on the foreplay. I actually do like that stuff, and I felt like you rushed the last one.
Uh, hello?
Hello Ray this is Roast Beef
Dang, Beef! How you doing? We never know when we gonna hear from you!
Man you wouldn't believe this Ray
That's real neat, Beef. But tell me -- when you comin' home? Things just ain't the same!
Woody is so good
Come on, man! Surely you got a little homesickness in you!
There ain't no show this good anymore
SOON
Guys, I have an idea on how to get Roast Beef to come home!
Okay, Chuck just checked in with wardrobe. Get this on, I got to be scarce.
Wow. Chuck Williams. Peter to Julia's Jesus... this could be my big break!
Soon.
Hi, Mr. Williams! It's an honor to meet you! While we're waiting, could you take a look at my cookbook manuscript?
Smuckles! I see you took the reserve portion of obliviousness which you withhold from your writing and focused it on these costumes! They lack ventilation. I am unhappy.
Oh, buck up, you worm. Show me how to microwave a bowl of pizza or cut hot dogs into cereal. Beats talking to you.
But.
I say, Smuckles! I applaud the balance you strike between the molecular frippery of "alginates" and the modernized approaches to Careme's mother sauces!
Why, this is the next Joy of Cooking if I'm a day! Mind your Ps and Qs tonight, young man, and I'll publish one hundred thousand copies!
You... you want me to throw the contest?
I need you to handicap yourself the way Seabiscuit needed a head start on a basset hound.
Just try not to embarrass yourself to the point of federal intervention and we'll be fine.
You know what? Screw this old man. I'm gonna write his jive-talking ass into the ground tonight.
I know I done you wrong, Beef. And I got a way to make it up to you.
See, you know how weddings are dumb-expensive, and the bride's family usually pays, only your bride ain't got one?
I'm gonna foot the whole thing, from the Save the Dates to the bridesmaids' morning-after pills!
Good. it's the only honorable thing I can do. What?
Lyle! What in damn hell are you doing'?
Shampooin' Téodor! You don't cut dry hair, dude.
You don't cut hair at SaniTaco, period! That goes against everything we stand for!
Business was slow!
Business is slow because people think they're gonna get a sideburn in their food!
Look at this! Shears on the counter, ashtray near the beans, Nugget magazine Letters page all lyin' open close to the salsa...
Ahem!  "Lyle took off his SaniTaco shirt to reveal a broad, strong chest. I pulled down my skirt and sat on the gleaming white food prep area. Lyle wiped two tortillas under his arm and put them back with the rest. It seemed to give him energy."
But Billy Idol! Why did your soul go into me?
YOU WERE THE NEAREST PERSON WHO WAS ROCKING AT THE INSTANT THAT I DIED
What do you want me to do, Billy?
EXIST AS A MIXTURE OF SEXINESS AND DANGER
THAT IS ALL
Roast Beef! I say! Could you assist me in the selection of a personal computer?
Oh yeah Cornelius definitely in the main I mean for real so like what are you looking for?
A sturdy little fellow, full of zip and dash! One that pops open each morning ready to put the tabasco on any task!
You mean like saving zingers in a file and occasionally looking up chaps and lads from history
You understand my computing needs precisely. Do you know of a suitable marque?
Alright here is the one I wanted to show you
What a handsome little devil he is!
You were a show cat, Ray?
Heh heh! Yeah, yeah, my breeder used to show me in my early days.
Wow, Grand Champion! Who was Colonel Ephraim?
Ah, old Colonel Ephraim.
He used to stick a match up my hiney when I had trouble makin' doodie!
It would make me doodie every time!
It always caused me to make doodie come out of me, onto the ground!
Ha ha! Chucklebot! You've still got it.
YO I CAN'T STAY TOO LATE
Why not?
I HAVE TO KILL MY GIRLFRIEND TOMORROW
Whoah! You're working some rough chuckles these days!
WHAT, WAS THAT TOO MUCH?
Eh...
THAT WAS SOME NEW MATERIAL I'VE BEEN WORKING ON
I'M TRYING TO GET INSIDE YOUR HEAD, YOU KNOW?
Roast Beef! Did you get video card I am sendink!
Yeah but Vlad why did you make me pay for priority mail
I mean I live next door pretty much
And you did not send me a peripheral it was basically just some pamphlets about tooth decay
Excellent! So we are exchangink feedbacks?
Well heh heh I kinda already did that Vlad
LATER
Hella slow, did not recieve product
Seller is so good. A+
Roast Beef, you are payink for all eternities!!!
Hey John- Wake up!
Huh? What, Deanster?
Your alarm clock has been going off for an hour
Oh No! I'm going to be late for my job...at the alarm clock company!
Sample cross section of the Achewood underground.
Let's have a contest to see who hates Paris Hilton the most!
Oh uh I already win that based on how I feel
No, man. You can't pre-win a contest. There got to be an event.
Hm what sort of event can prove how much one hates Paris Hilton
Maybe like a three page essay
Dude, shut the hell up! That ain't no fun! A contest got to be fun!
Maybe whoever can pedal an exercise bike the longest and hardest while facing a picture of her has the most hate
Huh. Closer, but I don't want to do that either.
Scientific, though.
Oh I got it we hook each dude up to a blood pressure meter and show two movie clips
First like show a clip of a man just ruthlessly shooting a rifle into a group of children
And then cut to Paris Hilton talking on her cell phone at a Knicks game
Since my blood pressure will be higher during the second clip I will win
Who is this elderly interloper, Lord Absinthe?
He... he followed me in. I couldn't shake him.
Hey now, everybody! Tonight is a very special night for us goths!
The reason why it is special is that I got us a very special guest!
Who.
He is the main goth in this whole area! You gotta pull water with him or you're NOBODY!
Please welcome...
The Death Sound.
I... AM... THE DEATH SOUND
AND I HAVE CUT MY BODY
Hurry, Doc! Cold fix him up! Put it all on my tab, every penny!
Why, there you are dear nephew! I believe I did explore the greater half of Creation in pursuit of you!
Wait... what? Who are you?
It is I, your uncle Marion! You were to expect me on the morning train!
Are you not in receipt of my letter dated Thursday last?
But... but if you're Uncle Culpepper, then who's this?
Good gracious! What a mendacious burlesque!
Lie Bot!
Hey Ray, can I borrow your--oh, sorry, I didn't know you had company.
Oh my god is that Circus Penis?! He looks so healthy.
Téodor! Don't you know Circus Penis?
I'm sorry, I don't.
This dude won seven AVN adult film awards last year!
He's at the top of his game!
Hey, Téodor. Good to meet you, man.
Hey, Circus Penis. How you doin'?
Pretty good, man. Bought a boat, bought a plane.
Wow! Are you starting a Circus Penis army?
Heh! You know, that's a fun idea. Let's do it.
Seriously?
Circus Penis doesn't move forward unless he's serious.
I'd be nowhere if I didn't trust myself.
It's the Circus Penis way.
Man, we are gonna have awesome hats.
Please tell me that no one saw me.
Just Philippe, but we told him the metal undies were part of a game we were playin'.
You jackass! Now he'll want to play! He'll beg everyone to make him a pair and the secret will be out!
We got that angle, dogg. We already made him a pair.
Dogg the best place to hide something ridiculous is out in the open you know
Téodor. If you saw a kid wearing metal underpants, would you assume that something important was going on?
...not really, no.
Precisely. Think of all the big secrets that are hidden out in the open like that!
Like what?
Like crazy people! Strap a wireless "cell phone headset" to their ear, put 'em in a pressed shirt, and suddenly they're just "taxpayers on the go"!
Watch
DID BRIAN RECORD THE SIMPSONS WAIT IS THAT FATHER CHESTERNAK'S DOG I HEAR RUFF RUFF HEY BOY!
What a crazy-assed nut! I don't have time for this guy!
DID BRIAN RECORD THE SIMPSONS WAIT IS THAT FATHER CHESTERNAK'S DOG I HEAR RUFF RUFF HEY BOY!
It's good to have this guy in my town! He's the bomb!
That's compelling, but what about when the underpants have their effect on him?
Dude, Philippe hasn't done his puberty stuff yet! There's no reason for them to work!
Hm. He'll probably get tired of them well before that happens.
Right! So long as you don't see him lockin' himself in the bathroom for hours at a stretch - on purpose, that is - I think that the world is safe for another day!
Alright men back to the Meganerd hideout for Clausthaiers and solo Twister
Yeah uh I'm a breast man of course Never brought it up 'cause you always been such a dyed-in-the-wool take-no-prisoners ass man
All this time, you felt like you couldn't even say anything! I'm sorry, man. I...I ain't even know which end is up anymore. This whole thing...damn.
Look man let's go down to the Smoke and make a time of it
Alright check that out what's that do for you
That's nice, but I feel kind of... like I'm lookin' at a perfectly acceptable car that I sold to a stranger.
Understood man now take a look over there what do you see
THIS IS A HOMEBOY!
Yeah man you done gone changed teams
It's like, every lady got a rump! No two ways about it! But...fat titties, man! They like the truffles of the lady-body community!
Pat, did yyyyyou steal my laundry!
I refuse to answer that question Ray.
Sayyy it, Pat! You just wanted to smell my dirty laundry, didn't yyyou?
You are unforgivable, Ray.
Are you drunk again?
Y--yes. Yes I am.
Roast Beef, did yyyou steal my laundry?
Uh no Ray. No, I don't believe so.
dang
so peaceful and quiet
I could think about computer programming forever up here.
aw crud
Roast Beef! Do you plan to return my spaceship anytime soon?
Only if it can send itself home Pat
Hey Téodor! You got the juice to make me a baseball card?
What would you put on it? You don't play baseball.
Right. Just make me a card, but like of life. My stats and stuff. I'll pay you a hundo. See you in an hour?
Okay, you're on.
SOON.
RAYMOND QUENTIN SMUCKLES
MOGUL
1986-2007
2007-2008
CAPTAIN CARELESS'S MIRACULOUS NOTION
Y]]
HOOCHIE MAMA WITH STIFF PAGEBOY AND GREEN OLDSMOBILE ACHIEVA
"DUDE, THAT CHICK HAD CHILI-MELONS!"]]
So you just fired our caterer, photographer, deejay, and maid of honor?
He was also gonna help out with place cards and table decorations
BEEF! It's ten days 'til the wedding! You have to go apologize to him!
Man I can take care of all of that stuff myself I ain't no dummy
Tell me how you're even going to get a deejay on such short notice! And don't you dare think you're going to hire one of Ray's hacky friends!
AWWW yeahhhhh ladies and gentlemen...
We got a fiiiine lookin' crowd up ins to-NITE! Y'all make me wanna...y'all make me wanna...
MAKE LOOOOOVE TO YA' FACE! MAKE LOOOOVE AT THIS PLACE!
We got a...a Aunt Nina in the house? Awwwww yeah, Aunt Nina. Here it comes, girl.
I WAH-NAH TOUCH YOU ALL OOOVER!
Nina! He says this!
Now that must be Uncle George sittin' nect to you, girl. Uncle George? Uncle George, can you hear me?
Yayyys?
Uncle George, I got to...I got to...
I-GOT-TO GET UP IN YA, BAY-BEE!
JUST LET ME HANDLE THiS OKAY I CAN HANDLE ALL THIS STUPID CRAP JUST FINE !
NO YOU CAN'T, BEEF! YOU'LL HAVE A PANIC ATTACK AND NOTHING WILL GET DONE AND OUR GUESTS WILL EAT RAY'S TOPIARIES AND I'LL BE ASHAMED OF OUR WEDDING FOR THE REST OF OUR LIVES!
IF THAT'S THE WAY YOU WANT TO TALK TO ME THEN FINE ! I GUESS IT'S GOOD THIS WEDDING IS FALLIN' APART ! MAYBE IT'S A SIGN !
IF ALL YOU CAN THINK ABOUT IS YOURSELF THEN I THINK I WANT OUT TOO! YOU ASSHOLE!
MOMMMM! ROAST BEEF WANTS TO KISS GIRLS ON THE TITTIES!
My mom says I gotta come out here and apologize to you.
Gee THANKS Ray that sounds so SINCERE
How come you had to go and yell that about my private ideas Now she's gonna call my mom and I'm gonna get put on Punishment
She ain't gonna call your mom, Beef! My mom would never call 7-11!
You sure
Yeah! I think the only store my mom even KNOWS about is Neiman Marcus!
Man that is a huge relief My mom gets off work way after Neiman Marcus closes
Does your mom even know what Neiman Marcus is?
She used to buy meth from their piano player
Hey, guy! Don't be blue! It don't suit you!
Huh?
I said there's no food. Should we order some?
I..I really don't know.
I disappointed him.
I wonder if he likes soccer. Maybe we could do a thing.
Hey Téodor, do you like soccer?
Not really?
Man that was stupid of COURSE Téodor doesn't like sports
This is perfect. The driftwood will remind him about eternity.
Here, man. I'm sorry about all that. We cool?
As you know, last week's strips were mainly about wieners and boners.
It bothered you, and it bothered us.
But we're changing things around here.
Achewood is singing a different tune.
We're redeeming ourselves. It's time we gave something back.
We're into education now.
Education.
Hey, sorry I missed house meeting. I was being naked in my room. What's up?
Ugh, I feel like someone pinched my nose and puked in my mouth
Ray man wake up
ain't gonna wake up
gonna skip a day
What's with this notebook Man did we write all this
Must be a hundred pages here
Hey hey hey, Roast Beef! How's my music video script comin'?
Uh pretty slow. I ain't too good at this Ray.
Aww baloney! Here, let me see that!
Oh gosh man I ain't barely even started.
Now let's just see what we got heah'!
Things Ray Could do in his video
Lyle, will you read me a bedtime story?
Huh? How come?
I just saw Harry Potter and I'm too scared to go to sleep.
Oh, alright. Just grab somethin' off my shelf over there.
These don't sound like bedtime stories! Don't you know any?
Aw, crap. Uh... do you want to know how to make a bomb out of a floppy disk?
Oh wow! Really?!
Or how about the five secrets of successful shoplifting?
Oh boy! Wow!
You really seem into this stuff! Hold on a sec. I'm gonna get somethin' outta the garage.
Here it is, Philippe: The Anarchist's Cookbook. As my mentor Phreak Pisces gave it to me, so I now give it to you.
Wow! What's this Ray?
Oh, this? Heh heh! I got it off eBay.
I thought it looked like a fun thing to store wine in.
Let's pretend it works!
Heh! Okay, little guy! Hop on in and we'll have us an adventure!
Oh boy!
Alright, Philippe! Where we goin'?
Let's...let's see when Santa Claus was born!
Uh...okay, then! December...25!...1882! Hold on!
Hooray!
Huckleberry Finn shall be the vessel in which a sound heart and a deformed conscience come together in---consarn it, what is that racket in the yard?
Oh, man! Your senior high school photo is just slayin' me, Beef! Ha! Ha! Ha!
C. CAZENZATIS TIFFAN
Dude please burn that book
Can you believe I actually convinced my destitute-ass mom to shell out for the real sit-down portrait session like all the rest of you were gettin'
How much Aqua Net did you have to use to get those two locks of hair to always line up all perfect on either side of your eye?
About five seconds each and then I'd set them with egg whites and a hidden toothpick stabilizer where the lock met the main hair mass.
Not to mention all the spray for spiking ans detting the rest of that nest man I was up to four cans a week and more on weekends
You may gripe about my Caddy, but we losin' the Ice caps 'cause of you needin' to have Emotions Hair in high school.
Baby seal, man. Throat all caught in an Aqua Net six-pack yoke, flippers all lashed to its body by an unraveled mix tape titled "Tintern Supplicant"...
5:35AM: While I waited for my morning muffin to toast, I thought I'd gamely rinse out the dirty frying pan someone had left on the stove the night before.
Funny, I don't remember anyone making anything with coconut last night!
Upon closer inspection, the shreds of coconut revealed themselves to be tiny white, writhing worms.
Aghast, I dropped the pan. All of a sudden I saw a hundred more tiny worms (maggots, actually) writhing all over the stovetop.
From above, another fell onto the stove's surface. With great trepidation I looked ever so slowly upward...
...until my eyes came to rest on a high shelf, where between a few cans of chicken stock I could see the top of a mousetrap I had set many weeks before.
Well, I'm thinkin' about gettin' me some nipple rings. You know?
Dang somethin' about that don't quite seem like you Ray
Serious? How come?
Well nipple rings almost seems like you 'cause you got kind of a "hey, man" attitude
Uh-huh. Right.
But then you also got like a more sophisticated thing goin' on
Nipple rings can be sophisticated. Think Sean Connery.
No I think they mean more like I'm Dangerous
Nipple rings say to a lady "yeah listen lady you can't tell whether on our second date I am gonna make you a thoughtful vegetarian curry meal...
"...or punch the front of your throat and sell you to Social Distortion"
Some women dig mystery, man. It's a thing.
The only mystery about a date with you is why you just busted into the bedroom with a sheet cake and a raised eyebrow
What are you gonna do with the rocket ship now that you got it done Pat
Well, obviously I am going to travel into outer space!
Have you always had like a dream of that or something
Oh yeah. Always wanted to go into space. Always.
Take me with you Pat
Leave me there
Sorry, Roast Beef! There's only room for one. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go get suited up.
Goodbye everybody
Check it out Ray
Apparently Charles Mingus at one point wrote a little pamphlet on how to get a cat to use the toilet
Ain't that odd
Man, that cat already knew how to use the goddamn toilet.
Call cats know how to use the damn toilet.
That's right, Fellows. All cats can man the Throne. Ain't no thing...
...but a chicken's wing
Whoah! Who are you?
Name's Nightlife. Used to live with Mingus. I'm the cat that book is about.
Wow, man! Neat to meet you!
And it is most excellent to share this afternoon with you gentlemen.
Tell me, who has a cold glass of Tuaca for this most parched of Felines.
I think I got some Tuaca!
Most divine, brother.
Say, do you fellows enjoy the particular game of golf?
I've got three lids out in the Hudson and enough Zig-Zag to wipe a God's ass and the devil too.
My weird neighbor came by and started shooting her mouth off... now she has to eat through a tube in her arm...
Clap Clap Clap Clap
Speaking of shooting... Sure, it's easy to shoot fish in a barrel, but I prefer to shoot fish in a tuxedo. I think people appreciate that extra level of professionalism.
Clap Wooot! Clap Tell it like it is little man Clap
Instead of dessert, English people call it "pudding." This works really well if you're trying to lose weight.
Clap Clap I gotta try that man nothing's working Clap
They tell us not to judge a book by its cover, but what if the building's on fire? Don't be a hero, man - just do it and get out.
Clap Clap Clap Lost a brother that way Clap Clap Clap Clap
Women are born with all the eggs they'll ever have, but cockroaches are born pregnant... I think we know who's winning that game...
Clap Clap Clap Clap I think my first wife was a cockroach Clap Clap Clap Clap
I am told by many that the "Wii" video game system is the one to beat the band.
I am told that it appeals to elders, the Church, and all the others who took no truck with the video game notion in the first place.
I am also told that with various add-ons the Wii can, in "live time," integrate the full rangeof the player's motions into its games and challenges.
If that is the case, then perhaps I can finally Break into computers...on my terms. Perhaps I can finally make my Fortune as a designer of "software."
I have always considered that I would come into my wealth through isolated acts of genius, and not through fatherly toil. In this I have always been the Shame of my family.
So be it.
On this night, this eve of my reassessment of computers, I present my List of Games for Development. It shall be received by the makers of the Wii via Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested.
Wii Cereal Bowl, Wii Box of Ball Bearings
Pour the "cereal" onto a dishrag in the bowl, then soak with milk, then eat. Suck rag for milk.
Wii Hatchet, Wii Distraction Piglets
The deadlier creatures will always choose you over a piglet because they can always go back and get the piglet.
This IS what you got yourself into, boy.
Now, I know you think you got a full day of the Fight left, but rules is, if there only be two men standin', they got one hour 'til the Jeeps.
I'll see one of you later.
O-Okay, dad!
What's the deal with these Jeeps, anyway? I don't remember ever hearin' 'bout no Jeeps in the Fight.
They only brought them out once in 1962 when the Schweitz triplets tried to claim a three-man victory
They're all buried in the field southeast of the Acres.
They...they'll do that? Just mow you down in cold blood?
The Fight is their show Ray man we ain't got no business steppin' outside their rules!
Man, fuck those guys! The hell they're gonna say how this Fight is won!  BRING ON THE JEEPS, GOD DAMN YOU!
Dogg no you ain't want to challenge the Jeeps Ray you got no idea what you even on about!
Why should the Fight get to say how the Fight is won or lost? Become the ruling body, dude!
Well, now! What language is that you're speaking?
Ni Hao?
Maybe you can write it down!
!
Oh wow my first kiss
This is the one I'll always cherish
It's just like I always... dang what is that smell
It's like I'm being stung by Marlboro Lights
Oh no no no no no
Beef! BEEF!
I...AM...RAY!
I AM YOUR FRIEND!
Yo yo yo! Why am I hearin' so much fussin' comin' from in there?
COME ON, PHILIPPE!
NO!
Philippe's been eating too much fast food. I'm trying to get him to eat healthy again, but he's not going for it.
Téodor, Téodor, Téodor! I'm surprised at you!
What? What do you mean?
You've got to think about this at a kid-level! Ask yourself, what does a kid like?
Getting yelled at while dying of starvation, apparently.
Ahh. Once the conventional wisdom, but lately refuted.
Kids like tractors and dinosaurs and kings and stuff! Here, watch this.
Hey Philippe! These are hard-boiled dinosaur eggs!
Umm, Philippe? This isn't carrot juice, it's king piss!
Oh man, I am gonna get six kinds of nasty on a Cold Cut Trio!
You said it
Lyle! What it is, sucka!
Welcome home, fellas. What'll it be?
Mmm this sandwich is so good I feel like there's music coming outta my ears
So, Lyle! What's with all the new Subways in town?
Bah! Those crooks!
That's how Subway works man Like hamsters in a cage They just keep growin' the numbers till they kill each other back down to a sustainable level
Did you guys know the real Jared died at a Subway in 1998?
Get outta here! Man, you've been readin' too much internet, Lyle!
The franchise owner stole his pants, and hired an actor named Dennis J. Carmichael to assume the identity of his "diet miracle boy". I don't need to tell you how he disposed of the body.
Alright, you're supposed to lock the doors. Did you lock the doors?
Yup.
Yes?
Yo.
Hmm... doors locked, still not starting. Philippe, are you pressing the pedals?
Yes! Yes!
Why do you suck so much at getting us anywhere?
Dammit! Philippe, are you pressing all of them?
I promise!
Dogg I just ain't know what to get Molly for Christmas this year
Simple, dude. Get her some silver thing from Tiffany. That blue box is all you need, dogg.
Oh man ain't that stuff like a thousand clams
Naw, man. You can get knockoff Tiffany from any Senegalese for a thin ten. You always see sluts wearin' that heart necklace at bad grocery stores, all with their fake Vuitton bag and two babies.
Oh like they get a fake nice thing and then nine months later it's all "well I guess if we pull out this dresser drawer that can be a crib"
Hoochie mama wanna-bling always matches the baby count, dogg. Street thinkers call it Tight Math.
Gar-motherfuckin'-field! Man, I'll never get used to seein' you outta makeup.
Hey. You guys do a cappuccino?
Yeah, man. We do a mean one. Dildo it for you? Only a buck.
Nah. Can't.
No worries. Union?
Exaactly.
Listen, I don't have any moolah on me. Want a pair of strip eyes?
Sure, alright.
I was looking left in this panel. When you face them, they look like they're looking right, but when you wear them, you're looking left.
I wonder how much sodium a 7-layer burrito has versus a plain bean burrito. Maybe I should just get the Mexican Rice. No no that probably has tons of sodium.
May I take your order?
Uh yeah does Diet Coke have very much sodium
Not very much, sir.
Ok good um what is your least-sodium food item
The Roast Beef
Man what
Hey, you! How have you been?
Oh my god I can't buy a burrito from someone who has done oral on me
Thank you for agreeing to evaluate my new eco-friendly, gluten-free CheatLoaf.
Take a bite, chew it carefully, and notice what I've done.
Well?
What's IN it, dude?
Decreased portobello, frost pepper, and ground cukewurst. Just eat it, already!
OK, then! What's the verdict, Amigos?
What's that thing at the end of the large intestine? Because that's exactly what you've done here.
Seriously man Carolus Linnaeus would classify this as Shitty
Philippe! Don't touch that!
Why not, Lie Bot?
You shouldn't touch flowers!
But how come?
Don't you know? The flower is the private parts of the plant!
Oh... oh no! Is... do you think the flower is mad with me?
Philippe, this flower is pregnant and you're the father!
A doo-da doo-da doo-da doo!
Heh! Oh my god! Dog shit!
Man, how long has it even been? I gotta call the guys.
Hey, Beef, man! You ain't gonna believe what I just stepped in! Heh! Yeah, just like old times!
Here, I'll send you some snaps from my cell.
Lessee here, how we do this... ah! Ah ha. Here you go, Beef!
Alright now Phillippe uh did you work on your campaign speech like we agreed that you would
Oh my goodness you did!
"Born down in a dead man's town...first kick I took was when I hit the ground..."
Phillippe these are just the lyrics to "Born in the USA"
It's such a good song! It's what America is all about!
This song is about how America chews the working man up and spits him in the dirt to die
Huh. Well, that's no fun! Let's rewrite it!
"Born...in the USA! I went to school and got an...A! I ate a hamburger and said Hooray!"
I mean, his rhymes are alright, but this only signature move is a crotch-grab. Yeah, I know. That's Michael's move. Everybody knows that.
Well, I tell him to try somethin' new, and he thinks for a minute, but then he just does the same old crotch grab, only this time he'll like stamp his foot or puff out his cheeks. It's startin' to get frustrating.
Oh, hold on, Connie. I'm gettin' another call.
Yeah, hello? Oh, hey Beef. What's up? I got Cornelius helpin' me out on the other line.
Well, I'm having some trouble with Dirt Man Idiot, this new talent I just signed, and he's just kinda bein' my sounding board. He's cool that way.
Oh no way! Simon's gonna be in town! I ain't seen that dude in ages! When's he get here?
SImon! Hey, man, nice watch! That Paco Rabanne?
HI Ray!
Well, I'm actually suprised it took this long for Pat's sexual identity questions to surface.
You mean, like, as a gay dude, and also his dad, you could see that he was gay even as a little kid?
Pat's cursed to be gay?
Once you're out, it doesn't really seem like a curse, of course. You take better care of yourself, read peoples' energy more shrewdly and stop wasting money on hot sauce and posters. Let's sit. I'll tell you the story of Gladdington Castle.
I mean, look at this! No woman is going to talk to you if this is the first thing she sees!
And when was the last time you wore this one?!
Christmas is an exciting time for me, Philippe. I like to imagine the presents that Santa Claus will bring me.
I put out a vodka Martini for him, and some nachos! I like to think he will like these things.
I am not sure why Santa Claus is so kind. Perhaps he is trying to atone for crimes he did earlier in life. Like snapping off a Q-tip in a school friend's ear.
MY NAME IS CYNTHIA
Open the bomb bay doors, Ray
huuuuugs
Hug the fuck out of 'em Philippe!
Hello! I am happy to talk to---
Hello?
Who's there?
Is it... is it Jesus?
Am... Am I... dead?
Oh well. At least I have had a good life.
Philippe! Package for you!
It's from mom!
Oh boy! It's Walk-Around-Butt!
I can't wait to try it out! YES!
Walk-Around Butt! When you wear it, you're a nut!
Walk-Aroouuund...
BUTT!
See warranty for details. Not intended for children over nine.
Hi Mom! Thank you for Walk-Around Butt! It's perfect!
Good, dear! Did you find the little treat I hid?
No, I did not, mom!
Pistachios!
Guys! HEY! An update!
Unbelievable! So-Rod and his mate have not only done in every last man, but finding themselves still-thirsty for destruction, they've taken on the pitch itself! Jeeps lie in ruin! The walls are come down! Tower One in sticks! They WILL NOT be sated! Shutter your windows, bolt your doors, count your daughters! These men are
Aww HELL yeah!
Good!
Hey Lyle, you in there? Let's go get some suds!
Whoah, when did they get a motorcycle?
I wonder how you ride this thing.
This can't be right. Feels kinda unsafe.
Ahhh, there we go.
You lookin' damn fine, ladies!
Raymond, dear? Did you get the cookbook I sent you?
Uh, yeah, mom! I was just lookin' at it! Maybe... maybe I could make you some 'a this stuff for Easter brunch!
Oh, why... Raymond! I don't know that anything in the world could be more special for a mother!
Man that was a dumb idea why did I even suggest that! I ain't in no shape to cook Catholic recipes at seven in the morning!
I tell you, dear, my absolute favorite recipe in that entire book is the Scripture Cake.
Okay then, mom! Scripture Cake it is! See you Sunday morning!
Damn, I better get houndy on this recipe. I ain't wanna screw it up for mom. Woman carried me almost three months.
22, 1 1/2 cups
11, 6 separated
8, 2 cups
12, 2 cups
25, last clause, 1/
13, pinch
9, to taste
Holy crap! I can't find out what any of this crap is! Shit, man! Aren't there like three different sorts of bible? Or seven? But one of them is Jewish? Man, I ain't gonna be able to make this cake! Mom will know if I disobey that one about the yeast! Fuck!
And what is she even these days? Pentecostal? Methodist? Episcopalian? Baptist? 7th-day? Presbyterian? Anglican? Roman Catholic? Protestant? First Korean? I damn hope her local paper is on-line so I can cross-reference her beliefs with a bake sale.
Ray-- Hey loser! You wouldn't wake up so we ditched you. We'll be back late. You're an idiot,  Lyle.
Huh! I got a "me" day all alone in Berlin!
Let's see how well a dude can get around without speakin' a word of German!
ONE HOUR LATER
THREE HOURS LATER
FIVE HOURS LATER
'night, Karl.
Tschuss.
Whee ooh!
No, you're too drunk to drive.
Phillipe, you need to be the designated driver for Todd tonight.
But I don't even have my learner's permit and I maybe don't think I can fit inside Todd's van...
It's OK. Hold on.
Here. Take this.
Stick this through the driver's side window and press that pedal and the van goes. Simple.
Uuugh
Todd, I need to go left! I need to go left! What do I do?
You didn't!
Yes, yes...I'm afraid that was one of mine.
This is so unreal! That used to be my absolute favorite book!
Do...do you think you still remember how many whales the ocean has?
So, Ray. Recently you get phone call from toughest guy in universe... who is also, surprisinkly, your father.
Yeah, man. He pocket-dialed me. I was still nervous, though.
Are you callink back his number after? To make connect?
Naw, man. It... he's the kind of dude where you don't call him unless, like, some junta executioner will only NOT junta-execute you if he can get proof that you're related.
Hmm. Perhaps you "pocket dial" him back! Is good way for men to speak without beink all sappy with the "heys" and "yeah whats".
Damn, Vlad! That... that really is the only way two actual guys can call each other on the phone without comin' over all, "I think about you".
We go to ad. You do not leave.
Alright, so, scenario is agreed. We argue on best way of cookink steak. Dial Ramses, put phone on desk, and is off to races.
You got it.
Yeah.
Who is this? Talk.
Dead wrong, Vlad. You want a steak charred all to hell. It's that crust you're after. Sometimes the interior is a casualty. So be it.
Dad'll like that. Sounds tough. Guys like him eat bad meat in low joints and always get well-done.
Bah! Imbecile. You want center pink as woman's rose. You want meat to give like breast.
Finally somebody's talkin' some sense. I like this other guy.
My steak, she ravishes me. Unto me she gives the nectar of her soul.
You make love to shoe with your mouth.
Dude! You ain't supposed to show me up in front of my dad!
I am network. You are advertiser. Six hundo and the robot with the mind in his brain is givink you back the reins to this one, baby boy.
My heavens, Roast Beef! Have you just been fitted for your winding-sheet? The aura of the stricken man is trickling from your ears!
Oh uh yeah it is come to grapes
If I read you about the edges correctly, you're asunder over a particular girl.
Check this out can you believe I typed a list of Pros and Cons of if I should ask Molly to marry me I mean what turkey does that
Ah, marriage. The Great Indoor Fight. May I?
Yeah sure
Hm. Here's the trouble. Molly is a smart girl possessing many fine qualities, yet this list finds you fascinated solely with yourself.
Oh Jesus you're right man what a clod I got no business in any of this
Perish the thought. The list is just an artifact of a rightfully anxious mind. Have you had the dream?
"The dream" ?
I'm afraid I can't elucidate. You'll know if you have.
Uh I think I mean I guess I had two of them if I understand you right
And?
Well...in one it's clear she's on her deathbed but she tells me not to worry about her and says "go fix yourself a steak" like a caring parent would
The other one is just this flash of an instant where I see her sitting in a meadow with a baby and smiling at me like she was at peace
What charming manifestations! Your subconscious has given quite a seal of approval.
You two will do marvelously, should you proceed toward your blue heaven together.
Wow yeah I guess these were pretty different from my usual dreams of like having to lick the middle of Frida Kahlo's eyebrow
Here Ray let's get you back up to 2.5 ounces what do you say
Yes please!
Ahhh. Bliss. Say, what do you guys feel like doin'?
What we are going to do has already been chosen. We just have to remember.
You mean...
Yes. What did men do for fun before nature shrank their appendage?
I picture them jumping off of high cliffs into water, feasting on wild game and fruits, and visiting the women when more children were needed.
That will be difficult to do inside the confines of the pool house but I believe if we set our minds to it we can create a pleasing approximation
We can jump off the couch onto pillows, and we can open a bag of chips. For the company of women, we can read aloud from the January issue of Cosmopolitan, which I saw on the coffee table.
Verily, as did I.
SOON.
Wow dang that coffee ring looks like the Virgin Mary with child
Maybe there is hope after all
Oh god what am I saying there is no hope there is NO HOPE!
Holy crap look at the impression Ray left in the passenger seat
I though you did a good job of rescuing Zoolander despite the script Mr. Stiller
We'll find out when she gets off at seven
Crap, dude. Nuts.
Man why you all despondent Ray
What it is
I just found out Little Nephew's been sellin' me bogus Dennis Quaid memorabilia on eBay. I hate this feeling.
He's posin' as this guy Silver_Screen_Promos, and he's just workin' me.
I even paid him ten bucks for a mustard packet he said Quaid used on the set of Twister...
Quaid wasn't even IN Twister.
But he knows I don't know that.
What did Ray do for Roast Beef after lying to him about having ``hella porno'' in order to get him to come home from outer space?
What drink did Ray invent for his Machete Madness party?
What is Roast Beef's favorite children's adventure series?
In Rhymedown 2003, what two explanations does Little Nephew proffer regarding the numbness of Ray's bozack?
What specious character did _THE BANDIT_ add to a hacked version of Oregon Trail?
Who did Roast Beef imitate when he pulled up his swim trunks with the toilet paper tube still in them?
What do American women think of computer programs?
What happened to Roast Beef's bozack from repeatedly slamming it on the crossbar of his bicycle?
Why did Pat call KPMA talk radio to say that he doesn't think barbers should make much money?
What is the name of the Olympic event that Philippe invented for himself?
Who shotgunned a half-rack of Rainier Ice and needed to be saved by swallowing a lime and getting a stiff punch in the chest?
What, besides his bozack, would fill with blood after Roast Beef's failed bicycle jump attempts?
He built a replica of Cheers
The Piso Mojado -- ``three kinds of mezcal and icy grape purée. It gets you donked in a hurry.''
Nate Small, One Tough Man
a) too much booze, b) his bozack has been flayed
Hiram the sexually aggressive blacksmith
Darth Vader, of course
Women /hate/ computer games here, /Hate/ them to /hell/
It was swole up like a little angry plum most of hte time
Because he's an asshole
The Boy's Medley. The last event is to play the C scale on a piano.
Punch Man
His Vas Deferens
Ray making a fool of himself in Krakow, Poland
Philippe, high above Vienna, on the world's largest Ferris wheel
Roast Beef with map in Pots-damer Piatz, Berlin, Germany
Little Nephew, angry that all I want to do in Munich is watch German Sesame Street
Philippe, stowed away on the train to Budapest
Ray making a fool of himself in Warsaw, Poland
I saw a rodent
CUSSES AHEAD!
Pony.
Horse (duh).
Oh my god dude what are you doing sitting around watching gay porn like it was just a basic day!
Huh? Oh, hey Beef.
I lost my copy of Braveheart, so I'm seein' if Steve's Party does anything for me.
Man ain't you worried at what people would say if they ran in here and saw
You know me, dude. I'm straighter than John Wayne voting for Reagan on a horse.
Somebody says I'm gay, I'll just sit here bein' straight, and they'll be wrong.
Sit down and watch for a spell, Beef.
This don't make you gay any more than watchin' NASCAR makes you a good driver.
Huh this is weird they both look like they might go build a building at any minute but then one of them starts doing the lady's role
It's like watchin' the moonwalk, you know? At first it seems all crazy and wrong, but then It's like, "at least SOMEBODY'S havin' fun!"
Oh dogg on a hogg we got much crispy Stellas out by the pool Ray
Oh my goodness Hello Mrs. Smuckles!
Roast Beef! Why, look at you! So handsome all grown up, and still SO polite.
Thank you Mrs. Smuckles
Here's five dollars, Roast Beef. Now go and get yourself a sandwich.
I will Mrs. Smuckles I will get a sandwich right away I promise
I won't hear of it. Now, make sure you get extra cheese. I still worry that you are so thin.
I will make sure to ask for double cheese and I promise to keep it on as weight
Cheese is very nutritious, Roast Beef. Girls like a boy who eats cheese.
I hope I find that out someday
GREAT MOMENTS IN CINEMA
You want answers?!
I want the truth
You can't HANDLE the truth!
So how's your Subway doin', Vlad? What's new in the custom sandwich game?
Oh, is pleasant, but I am gettink ready to set it onto ear.
Comin' up with new sandwich concepts and stuff? Talk to me, doggie! You know, I had this one idea about a way of bakin' the roll so it has a curly little tail—
Basically idea involves Internet, and virtual feedink of sandwich to woman on web-cam.
Ooh, like all in tiny panties and a hat?
Just standard Subway uniform until I can relocate web-cam from mop closet. Is health codes thing.
So you got a cam on a dressed woman eatin' a sandwich in a mop closet?
Come, see. Evaluate beta.
Maybe I uh I could lend a hand with any debugging
Sure, Roast Beef! You drive.
Haha! Chew the sandwich, you nasty dame! You are Vlad's mama-bird, tonight!
Molly ?!
Vlad, I wanted to... to apologize to you for what I did.
Ah yes, hello Pat. I see you are receivink my special Nat Shermans!
You sent those?!
Ray has lunch with me before he visits you. I give him little treat to bring along.
But... but why?
Pat, I get what I want from you. I drive your business into the ground so that mine can prosper. I do not need you in jail.
You are aggressive businessman, Pat. I am respectink that. In fact, I have special deal for you.
A deal a fugitive like you might not want to refuse!
Full time, seven days a week. Welcome aboard.
Seriously, what makes you think he's gone to find the sofa?
Téodor to hear you I would believe you never were a child.
Roast Beef take us to the creek access at the old public bridge
Alright let's roll get in the car NOW hop to it
Yes look how the gravel is used as a slide here though there is stairs
Téodor I have seen this same unusual can of Seminole brand organic pork and beans in your recycling before
Yeah, I get these mail-order from Oklahoma! They're six bucks each!
Note the lid has been feebly scraped by another implement but not raccoon teeth
Like maybe this ladle
My antique Delft ladle! That cost me three hundred bucks!
Bite marks do indicate that this tube of Chapstick was consumed as a meal instead
You got a dollar liddle man or you got a dollar your mommy gabe you
BROWN COUCH! BROWN COUCH! BROWN COUCH! PAY ATTENTION!
HOLY FRICK! I WOKE UP AGAIN!
AW, CRAP! RICKY NIHOHA'S HERE!
B-B-BACK OFF, RICKY! **AGH A PUNCH IN THE GUT**
AWRIGHT YEAH I GUESS THAT PROVES THAT HOPE YER HAPPY NOW NO ONE GETS THE BEAN SALAD
ALRIGHT THIS IS GONNA TAKE SOME STUFF WATCHA GOT WATCHA GOT
STICKY EMPTY BONG
COOK THE BONG IN BUTTER 'TIL A HALF HOUR AN' THEN EAT THE BUTTER ON CHIPS
DVD SOMEBODY DID COKE OFFA'
SPRAY PAM ONNA DVD THEN MICROWAVE TWENTY SECONDS, LICK
OH WOW HA HA I'M HAVIN' A FANTASY
OH MAN IT'S LIKE PLANET 'A THE APES, BUT INSTADDA THE STATUE OF LIBERTY IT'S A BIG METAL FLIP-OFF STICKIN' OUTTA THE SAND
IT'S SO... IT'S SO FRIKKIN' SWEET
IT'S SO...IMPORTANT
1983 RENAULT IDITAROD STEERING COLUMN
SOAK THE SWIVEL GASKET IN WD-40 AN' EAT THE COTTONY STUFF THAT FLOATS TO THE TOP
Man what it is Ray why you so down at the corners of your slice
Oh, shut up, Beef. What do you know.
Dogg do not castigate me
Lyle's so pissed at me that he shot my new Escalade!
He probably had ten honks of whiskey in him dude
I'll put ten in him! Ten rounds, maybe!
Dogg I am getting in mood to head down to open mic night at Laszlo's
He turns the pepper mill. The hidden wires connect; the electricity is led...
...to
ohhhhhhh shiiiiiiiiiiit.
Next up we got R.S. who has much cocktails at breakfast time!
Okay, hi everybody. Listen, recently my friend shot my car.
My other friend said I should write a poem about it as a way of therapy. So here it is.
I get it! I GET IT! Roast Beef is an utter genius!
How's that, Stanley?
My name is not Stanley.
They say that's a good sign.
At any rate, he knew that gentlemen of my vintage do not have the computing interests of the younger generations...
-stealing music which I would break from shackles to escape, for instance-
...so instead he guided my hand to a machine which had something of a good parlor mystery constantly playing about within!
The way mom tells it, Rustmouth was a bitter man, soured on beer, and given to claims.
Like what?
A few scholarly works state that he claims to have had the first group sex in America -- though recently unearthed wax recordings have him saying that he didn't much like it. Here, I have 'em on my iPod.
Group sex? Yeah, I tried it. Twice. Can't stand it. All that commotion. Dear lord spare me from that awful group sex.
Why you watchin' the Spice channel with closed captioning on, Beef?
Check it out Ray this is interesting
Don't the transcriber's style sound familiar to you
...IT WAS TO THE WOMAN'S GREAT SURPRISE THAT THE PIZZA DELIVERY MAN HAD MODIFIED THE PIE'S BOX SO AS TO CREATE AN AFFORDANCE FOR HIS EXCITED MEMBER.
ERE LONG THE PIE LAY UNCONSUMED ON THE TABLE, THE COUPLE HAVING BECOME VIGOROUSLY ENSCONSCED IN DEVILRY. OH, TO WITNESS THE THRILL OF IT!
Huh! that sounds like how Cornelius writes!
Hey Cornelius! you writin' the captions for the Spice channel these days?
"YES RAY," SHE MOANED. "OH, AND WHILE WE'RE AT IT, ARE YOU UP FOR A BIT OF POOL LATER THIS WEEK?"
Philippe no don't hang up little guy ! It's BEEF !
BUT WHAT IS HEARD...
May I interest you in our exclusive collection of 100 Piano Masterpieces, on five CDs, for the low low price of only $19.99 each?
Hm. I DO feel pretty bad that I don't know very much about piano music. This might be a good opportunity.
OK. I am interested in getting piano CDs.
What ? You mean that's what you want for Christmas Philippe ?
Excellent, sir. We'll ship it to 62 Achewood Court. Is this correct?
Yes it is. Okay, I look forward to receiving the piano music in a few days.
O-Okay Philippe
Oh hey Philippe man it is almost your birthday little guy is there anything you want ?
Aww, I don't suppose I should ask for nothin'! Life's been pretty good to me.
Well I know something you could ask for that would really help somebody else then !
Ooh! What?
See now Ray is extremely fearful of heights so maybe you could ask for his fear to be lifted !
Dear God: for my birthday, please let Ray not be afraid of heights any more. He is my friend, and I promise that he is good.
Holy...holy *crap*! I feel wonderful! Holy CRAP!
Alright, let's hit this joint.
Man I hate on some wipe-down "Tex Mex" chain
Next Services 30 Miles, dude. I'm starvin'.
Okay fine whatever I'll find something on the menu
Welcome to FiestaMax! My Fiesta Name is Darin' Aaron Magoo! Did you all get your Fiesta Names off the spinner on the way in?
No we didn't I have a condition
Shit, dude! I didn't get my Fiesta Name!
Muy Bueño! Can I get you started with a couple of our signature Icy Watermelon MargariTangys, some sodas, and a coupla' Blammin' Slammin' Oh Man Am I Jammin' Enchilada Stackers?
Oh my god that's like forty dollars worth of merchandise
Yeah...and maybe some chips.
Did you want our Hula Hoop Double-Fried Original Bonus Recipe or the Chipotle-Red Corn with the queso packer?
SOON.
Alright guys, I spun the wheel for ya, and got your Fiesta Names! Guy with the glasses is Sure-Shootin' Rex Dandycorn...
You hear that, Beef? Perfect!
And Mr. Quiet's spinner landed on the tombstone! You get a free ChokkaWokka junior-mini childrens' sundae!
"Use a petroleum-based lubricant, such as Vaseline, to keep the contact points from corroding during winter storage."
I think we cold got some 'a that in the medicine cabinet.
A DOO DA DOO DA DOO DA DOO!
Oh crud! Uncle Ray's gonna see me carryin' Vaseline and make much of it!
Little Nephew, did you remember to start the dishwash--well, now! Is that Vaseline? I guess it's time for "The Talk"!
...now, you may have noticed that certain parts of your body react differently to heat and ideas...
...perfectly natural and healthy...
...ALWAYS run the sink if you think I might be home...
...once you get goin', don't stop, or you'll get maaaad...
...I don't care how late it is, I WILL come pick you up if you call me, no questions asked...
Hey man, this is weird! Look how Domino's cut the pizza this time!
AAAUGH!
EEEEEEAAAUGH!
Wow! What's this, Ray?
Oh, this? Heh heh! I got it off eBay.
Some old guy was sellin' it, sayin' it was a time machine.
I thought it looked like a fun thing to store wine in.
Let's pretend it works!
Heh! Okay, little guy! Hop on in and we'll have us an _adventure_!
Oh boy!
Alright, Philippe! Where we goin'?
Let's... let's see when Santa Claus was born!
Uh...okay, then! December...25!...1882! Hold on!
Hooray!
Huckleberry Finn shall be the vessel in which a sound heart and a deformed conscience come together in- consarn it, what is that racket in the yard?
What are you gigglin' about, Beef? Good Lord!
Man I just hacked the *hell* outta this one website
Oh! Uh...
*"Cool! Which one?"*
NO photo: Absolutely there is none!
TAAAAAPE!
SOON.
Ray! RAY! Can you hear me?
Téodor!
Hey, doggie!
I hit a home run?
Dude! Every time you talk, blood shoots out of your ears.
It's cool, man. It'll probably...
...it'll probably scab over.
What, your brain?!
Dogg if you ain't get that fixed you gonna be hell to chat with on the bus
- PUFF, THE MAGIC DRAGON LIVED BY THE SEA -
- AND FROLICKED IN THE AUTUMN MIST -
- IN A LAND CALLED HONAH LEE! -
Ahhh... the story of a kid leavin' the magic of childhood behind and growin' up.
Exactly.
You ever hear the B-side?
There's a B-side?
Yeah, it's called...
WELCOME TO YOUR THIRTIES!
That's just a watered-down ringtone-style clip. Lemme know if you ever wanna hear the rest - I'll get some hammers and meet you in the backyard. Don't forget to bring your dreams.
Lyle, can you stop looking at that pornographic image for a second? I need to talk to you about rent.
Lyle? Come on. Just for a second.
One!
Lyle!
LYLE!
DON'T PICK UP THAT TOWEL.
LYLE!
Babe, I forgot to get my birth control prescription refilled.
God dammit
I...
LOOOOVE...
YOUUUUU!
Whoah! What in the HELL?!
Pat! What in hell you want, man! I'm busy!
I'm walkin' around in the woods workin' on a new song, dogg!
You better not be about to tell me to go watch the damn news.
Well, everybody else has been lately, it seems.
What? No, I won't drive you to the store! Use your own car, you chintzy bastard!
Whoah, a web cam!
Whatcha workin' on, Cornelius?
Some low-yield romantic pabulum, I'm afraid. More meaningful work has been sparse lately.
What's the theme of this one?
Two-hundred fifty pages, eighteen hundred dollars. Due Monday, just like the rent check.
No, I mean of the story.
Ah. Not sure yet, actually. Something about a blind pizzaiolo who travels to this country to mourn his uncle, and he comes across a lady of some sort.
I think she has hip dysplasia.
TAP TAP TAP TING!
Please tell me there's a scene where his "sightless hands" guide hers as they sprinkle pepperoni on a pizza.
There is now! That was rather good! Why don't you try one of these for yourself?
Huh!
UNDER THE ETRUSCAN SUN
TAP TAP TAP TAP
So then I said Can you put your legs behind your head And she was like all Excuse Me sir
And I was like My tongue can reach into your ears do you want to see
And she goes You're not welcome in this McDonald's anymore
So I was like Actually I'm not welcome in ANY McDonald's and do you know why
Then I just clenched my fists and SCREAMED as I stared straight into her eyes
I got in like a good eight-second scream. That may not sound like much but try it sometime
Boy, is this guy talky! When are we gonna get to the Super-Secret Ice Cream Shop already?!
Beef, you got the wrong idea about music videos!
Now why don't you just try again! I know you can do better!
Shucks man I don't know about this
Just make it fun to watch! That's all people want! Just make it a party!
Hey, did Pat's fancy new hat!
What a nice new pork pie hat Pat
Hey Pat, stock market been treatin' you well?
Where's your Rolls Royce Pat
So, Pat, what's caviar like? Pretty good?
Is caviar pretty good stuff Pat
Pat! Wait! I have a date tonight! Can I borrow the hat?
Please let him borrow it dude
Later
Man, what a couple of fools.
Man I can't go in there and buy a ring they'd probably throw a shoe at me or try to lure me out with a rubber Kid Rock CD
But I ain't want to go to a no reputation joint I mean I ain't know a diamond from extremely great salt Dude could sell me a kidney stone from a Mongolian Land Rat and I'd be all "oh how glamorous just like Charlize Theron in that one scene"
IT BEARS RESEARCH.
THE FOR C'S:
AFRICAN BLOOD DIAMONDS FINANCE THE MURDER OF CHILDREN
OPERATION H.E.T.E.R.O.S.E.X S.C.H.M.U.C.K.
Man diamonds ain't special but that they cost so damn much How about a little board blinkin' 03-10-03 the day we met at least that has somethin' to do with anything
ACHOO!
Aw, fuck! My burrito!
Crap! I paid like six bucks for that!
One hundred minutes later
Who am I?
WHOOOOO AMMMMM I?
Hey! You're the asshole who ate my burrito!
I am?
Yeah! Y'are! You're the real thing, jerkwad!
I'm an asshole and a jerkwad! Well, then! That 'splains it!
Whoah, sweet!
Yeah, man! The fruit salad was hella raunchy! That fruit was ooooold. But that Captain's salami tray was tight, yo. You plump for the roast pork loin, dogg? Oh, proclaim on that pork loin!
If you're going to have a stupid conversation, at least do it when you're not driving!
Don't distract me, Pat. Accidents. Crashes. A family is changed forever.
Sorry Kev. Yo, you try any of the club eggnog? Man, that action was a coma with nutmeg on top. I pour one out for the stick of butter that gave its life to be that eggnog.
Eggnog isn't made with butter. It's made with heavy cream. Which is still better for you than driving on the phone.
Pat! What I tell you! Crashes! Wrecks! A child's pink Converse on the pavement...Is there a foot inside? The police walk up the mother's driveway! I'm serious!
Sorry Kev. Oh! Oh! That bubble-butt bartender! Talk about dumb! Heh--hey, don't get me wrong, I looooove dumb, but that was like "stick two wires in her and she can power a clock" dumb. I mean, you ever seen a bartender thinks Heineken is fag?!
So, have you two lovebirds given any thought to your wedding vows?
Man well uh like ain't people like the most bored by thtat point and ain't listenin' and such
The vows--to be a faithful partner, in sickness and in health, all that--actually will come into play at some point, and should be on the record.
Oh right it's like that cyanide pill they make astronauts pack
The comparison of an aging marriage to shoddily planned space travel is not entirely without its parallels.
All oxygen tanks and massive bespoke shoes
Only difference between astronauts and old folks bein' that you never see one astronaut spoon feedin' dollar chili to a worse-lookin' astronaut at Wendy's
That is because astronauts have the good sense to strap themselves to a twenty-two story explosive when in search of their particular blue heaven.
Envelópe! Que pasa, señor hombre!
Raymón! Ju silly man! Come in! Don' stan' on the front steps all day like a big bag of caca!
So, ju gonna stop callin' the cops on me for good if I do this Fight thing, ese?
Only about that wackity-ass Nativity scene! Don't get greedy now!
Man, I don see why ju got such a beehive up ju ass about mi Natividad.
I lay out big bucks for that spread! My kids love it!
So put it in their room!
This is a good neighborhood. People pay a lot of money to not see a bunch of rotating Josephs.
Ju gringos got no love of Christ, Raymón.
Yeah, well. It keeps the toys off my lawn.
Anyhow, papi, ju can't complain anymore after I make this call! We got a deal now!
It break my heart to say I lose a fight to Raymón Smuckel. I do it for my kids, man.
Sheesh. You say it like it's so bad.
Serious, ese! Once the guys at the gym get a load of this, I may need that face transplant stuff!
You would cut off your own face if people thought you lost a fight to me.
Plus I got a buddy who says he can get some 'a that Witness Protection stuff for my little ones!
We should set up a time to go camping.
Camping is the ultimate expression of habitation.
What?
In fact, I'm gonna get started right now. Let's go.
You can't go camping in the middle of your party. That's kind of rude.
Dammit, you're right. I'm gonna go into the garage and smell metal stuff. Instead.
This old lawnmower smells good. No, it smells goddamned beautiful.
I've got to sell this on eBay.
ONE LAWNMOWER. BEAUTIFUL SMELLS OF GAS AND CLIPPINGS WILL REMIND BUYER OF CHILDHOOD. L@@K INTO YOUR PAST AND
I wonder if eBay gives an award for blowing people's minds.
Hello!
Holy frikkin' cripes! Get away from me! Go Home! Scram!
W-w-why are you being so mean?
Stand back! You ain't gonna eat THIS squirrel, dirtbag!
I don't want to eat you! I just want some water! I'm lost!
Oh, real sophisticated! I turn my back to get you some water, and then you eat me! No thanks, pal!
But I'm so thirsty!
Thirsty for my blood, maybe! Listen pal, I got rabies! I got AIDS! And I need to take a dump real bad! You don't want a piece of this!
My name is Scrambles and I'm lost!
Hey Philippe! I got you a present while I was downtown!
Oh boy! What is it what is it!
I couldn't decide, so I got you the torch AND the grappling hook!
...how did you know!
We can make our own Coke at HOME now! And it came with a bloopers video of a dog skiing!
Two birds with one stone!
Let's see... ah! Here it is!
Pretty cool, huh!
Why you all limpin' around Ray
I got a damn hemorrhoid, man!
I've never had one of those
Is it pretty bad
It feels like a bee damn stung me on my Gentleness!
So is that tube like that Preparation H or some such similar ointment or salve
Nah, Lyle just dropped off somethin' stronger-
Somethin' he gets from that illegal doctor he drinks with.
So, how are things with you and Molly?
We get by
What are you readin' about Phillipe? Some sissy book? A book about sissy stuff?
I'm learning about gorillas, Lyle! Gorillas are nice animals that are like people!
Lyle, I am sorry! I had no idea you hated the Gorillas so bad!
Let's not talk about this ever again. Don't tell nobody, all right?
...and then he said "don't tell nobody," so don't tell nobody, okay Ray?
Téodor, call the costume shop and see if they-
It's already ringing.
So uh what you been up to Showbiz
We ain't seen you in quite a number of years I guess
Just hella keepin' busy man!
You know what I'm sayin'!
Is that right
I'm comin' up large on a coupla' deals right now -
Doin' some PR for Ford, stuff like that...
Dear Ray Smuckles, Thank you for your reply.
It is most kind of you to wish to open a burrito restaurant in my country. We shall speak about this in time.
It is quite convenient of you to fly me to California. I reserve, I must travel business class or higher; the doctors tell me that I suffer from "plump leg." It must be stretched.
I am sorry for this - it shall require an additional $10,000 in airfare. I know you are willing to make this happen. Your generosity in the burrito matter has helped me see this.
During these visits someone must mind my weakened sister, Nmbota. She requires around the clock shunting and brain care, owing to an accident of the government. I know it is asking, but can you also provide $1500 for her five days of nurses' fees while I am with you.
Yours in Christ, Leon Sumbitches
Hilarious!
Hello, Pat Reynolds! Let's see now . . . armed robbery and manslaughter?
"Nice Pete!" That doesn't sound like such a bad guy to share a cell with!
Here we go! Nice Pete, meet Pat!
Pat
Pat do you think that it is bad for a man to give another man kisses
Or do you agree that it is okay
Mr. and Mrs. Kazenzakis, I bring you this gift. It is Asti Spumante, a wine famed for being served...for serving with chicken, beer, or fish.
Mr. and Mrs. Kazenzakis, I bring to you the gift of Martini & Rossi Asti Spumante. Save it now, or drink it later, to celebrate with almost any occasion
Ahem. Mr. and Mrs. Kazenzakis, on the day of your wedding, I bring you Asti Spumante. It is the perfect accompaniment to friends or light steaks.
This is a stressful time, and you may get shingles.
Paul!
Oh crouching Jesus in the shadows a man was never this much of another man's dogg
I was tryin' to think of ways to top your bachelor party, but this is all I could come up with.
Dude whittling a chain out of a two by four at gunpoint would have topped my bachelor party but this is /insane/
Mr. Smuckles, you strike me as a man with little to no interest in the world as it presents itself.
Huh!
You'll not mind, then, if we take young Charley back to Wales with us. He and Taffy are the fastest of friends.
Slumber party! Right! Send him off to Chamonix if he gets to be too much. They got my Mastercard on file.
Where... where are you taking me?! Stop! STOP!
Oh my god this isn't happening this isn't happening this isn't--
Okay, Pat, you're panicking! What would Mr. Gary say to do...
That's it! I'll pretend I'm somewhere peaceful!
I'm... I'm at a paper store! Look at all the paper!
The paper is nice, and good. No one has ruined it yet.
Oh crap! There's some paper-selling moron in the employee break room! I don't want to talk to him.
Wait, I am in control.
Oh, well would you look at that! It isn't a worker after all!
It's... Moby! And he wants to share his package of wasabi peas with me!
Yes, Moby, I would like to hear about a car that runs on free Tomatohol.
The science is ahead of the funding? Well, isn't that always the way.
YOU HAVEN'T GOT A MOTORCYCLE?
No... but I do have a pretty neat bicycle! My mom--
STOP!
W-what?
FROM NOW ON YOU MUST CALL IT A SEX BICYCLE
THE ADVICE COLUMNIST
Dear Ray, What gave you the idea to start an advice column? It seems to me that you have no qualifications whatsoever. S.D., Internet
Dear S.D., It's funny: at first this letter sounded like kind of an insult to me.
But when I re-read it, it just sounded like an honest question that my readers deserve to have answered.
Advice columnists are kind of a unique lot, like blimp pilots, in that we're mostly self-taught.
I personally started by reading a few sections in this really old Amy Vanderbilt etiquette book that I found sealed in a plastic bag in the toilet tank.
That was so weird!
It was mostly about, like, where to put your fork if the King is over for dinner, or how to instruct the maid to fold tennis whites for guests who are playing before luncheon, but it sparked something in me. I had been bitten by the "advice bug."
Alright, this is getting boring.
Okay, I have to go run some errands. Up yours if this was actually meant to be an insult (but not up yours if not). -Ray
Find more great advice every Wednesday in Ray's Place!
Carl said that Debbie's dad has a bunch of copies of OUI magazine in the garage and that she'll let us look at them
Let's roll!
Alright Ray but please take it slow remember
Oh shit yes!
What's the matter with Nice Pete? What was he screaming about "all the armies of Judas"? What was that?
Blister was bein' a prick an' made funna' his bible fan fiction! It really pissed him off!
GUY'S A DOUCHE
Guy was alright! He was gonna show me how t-t-ta make meth outta puked-up matchbooks and shoelaces!
WHEN THE POLYMERS IN THE AGLETS DISSOLVE IN STOMACH ACID WITH RED PHOSPHORUS AN AGENT FORMS WHICH IF FILTERED AND DRIED BECOMES A POWDER KNOWN AS "FOOL'S METH"
IT CAUSES MADNESS AND A PAINFUL CONDITION KNOWN AS "SINGING BOWEL"
Holy Crap! Y'mean I was about ta get my walkin' papers?
THE INMATES WHO BREW THIS IN THEIR BELLIES ARE CALLED QUEEN BEES AND GREAT CARE IS LAVISHED UPON THEM BEFORE THE TICKLE-HARVEST.
Man, I thought you'd like that place!
Molecular gastronomy can take a hike as far as I'm concerned
But it's all scientific and clever! You love that stuff!
Yeah but that ain't mean I want to eat a marzipan DeLorean with a LoJack and then have the police show up at my house later with deconstructed flan "in caramel lattice prison" after a "citywide" "manhunt". Or whatever that eighty dollar supplement on course four was
That was a "tainted" shrimp "taco" with "ethnomedical" manioc foam. It was tasty, dude. Why you think I had two?
And what was with them putting that metal box on my head and piping in the sound of frying food while I ate that un-curled "curly" fry through the tiny hole
They just playin' with expectations, man.
Well I expect that on their door the word "restaurant" should be in quotation marks
Lie Bot, what's the saddest thing?
Oh, wow. I'm not sure you're ready for this, kid.
Sure I am! I've been practicing.
Okay, okay. I'll tell you.
The saddest thing is an old bag lady, freezing to death in the snow on Christmas Eve, and the last thing she sees is a family in a nice warm diner getting beheaded by the Taliban.
Nooo!
Oh man oh hilarious all havin' on some KangaRoos after all this time all zip-up pocket on the sides for coins or notes from a chick
Can't believe someone gave these to the thrift store they are basically new
Hee hee what if it was all like a piece of treasure
Aberrant and victimized, yet wholly failing any expectation of Sturn und Drang, the entire undertaking settles to the floor of time like so much diatomaceous offal.
Oh crap a review of my life by Anthony Lane NO I AIN'T READY FOR THIS NO NO NOOOOOOOOOO!
Todd! Get off the coffee table!
Whatever you say, big fella.
Whoah! Hey!
Stop it!
Beef!
You know what we oughta do on this road trip?
We should go campin'!
Man I hate campin'
I ain't goin' noplace ain't got no shower and no bed
Think about it, Beef!
Gettin' drunk under the stars, fryin' up sausages!
All laughin' and tellin' lies!
All eatin' eggs outta the pan
The eggs all not cooked all the way
All ashes in the egg
All meetin' some ladies, invitin' em to our tent!
All asleep with tarantulas on my face
You all passed out and spoonin' me
Dang man check it Milklin took your advice
Who? What?
Check his ad in this magazine
What? How? Why? What?
Who the hell is Milklin?
Keep looking
Aloysius
]]
What? Huh? I don't get it.
Yes.  No.
Dang Ray man you can't eat the cookies before you buy them what the hell
Nonsense!
You can't drink beer in the store put that down or the cops will come!
Yum, man!
Alright good look here is something you are allowed to eat in the grocery store
Here, man! Have some brew!
Yaaaay!
Yo check it out, Beef! Let's see who can jump over that log the best!
YYYYEAH!
MUCH style!
I got MAD respect for you Roast Beef, but you are NOT gonna jump better than that! HOO-AH!
I think I'm developing a thing for corpulent women
How do you know?
Hey BEEF! Wake up! How do you know when salmon's done all the way through?
Alright Lyle start playing on the bass and I will sing a song
What kind of stuff you want me to play? Fast? Slow? Major? Minor?
Just play a good song like a man would play at a concert
Alright, I gotcha.
IN THE TIME OF LEPRECHAUNS
SOON.
Alright, fellas. I'ma think out loud here.
Okay. Lord of the Rings was huge. Nobody needs to say that. Way I see it, you guys help to meet the demand people got for elf-battle stuff in the wake of those films.
Put another way, Prime Time Records is proud to represent Mister Band. Welcome.
You know who I don't care about? Carol Burnett. Just can't. Just don't.
Dogg uh it's dinnertime you want to dial up some Wonderful Wok
No, dude. Their food is as greasy as a ladies' sex dancer. Go order us up some Steamed China.
Okay cool they do a good -- OH uh wow man bad news on the computer front
Huh? Why? Keep it short, man. And no details.
Man this Nolan guy who is sort of a main pervert of the Internet is bragging all over about how he's gonna have dinner with the kid who founded Potty Pals
What in hell you doin' knowin' about today's main perverts? Not a classy aspect of you, Beef.
I'm only lettin' you in on my grunchy side 'cause I think this dude is about to fiddle with Philippe I mean Potty Pals is Phil's new company dig
A dude is gonna play franks and sacks with my favorite kid?! Get me the damn phone, fool!
Nolan from the Internet? Ray Smuckles, not of the Internet. Look, here's the funny thing. I don't know you, yet I have hired a variety of men to create a certain sort of relationship with you. What? Oh. A death relationship.
Nutmeg! THAT'S the secret flavor in Coke! GOD is that obvious!
No one should be a cock to a stranger, ever!
That's Todd. I know him.
I know Todd.
Those are some pans that I have
I wish in the past I had tried more things 'cause now I know that being in trouble is a fake idea.
I should call my ex-girlfriend and have sex immediately. That would be super.
Wait! I am from...
History!
Forty-five degrees.
Let no man put asunder what I believe is thee proper attyre for footballe
What is it like to see someone die?
I wonder if my mom knows
Come on, Beef! Change it to Cosby! It's almost eight o'clock!
But I just started Sixteen Candles
Man, that movie's CORNY! You only want to watch it because you've got a big crush on Molly Ringwald!
Shut up ray
You totally want to kiss her! You want to kiss her on her TITTIES!
Shut UP dude! Your MOM might hear!
MOMMMM! ROAST BEEF WANTS TO KISS GIRLS ON THE TITTIES!
The Great Outdoor Fight? No you won't. Why would you even joke about something like that?
I'm as serious as all damn hell. I'll be winnin' the Great Outdoor Fight this year. (in italiacs) Family tradition.
Since when.
My dad won it back in '73. You can check it out online.
Dude, Rodney Leonard Stubbs won in '73 -- everybody remembers "The Man With The Blood On His Hands." Come on.
That was his alias for Ramses Luther Smuckles. He wouldn't fight under the family name. That's why I never knew 'til now.
How am I supposed to just walk in here and believe you saying stuff like this? Do you have any proof?
Hell yes I do. I googled all kinds of stuff up on eBay. Check it.
Oh man, it's a Magreaux dog! Quick, let's cross the street like we didn't see him.
Oh crap dude Ray I am so sorry man I got your back anything you need
What's a Magreaux dog?
It's a thing of cats where if our luck's about to change for the worse we see a Magreaux dog
The dog doesn't even know why it's doing what it's doing but it tries to take on our appearance
God DAMMIT! Why the hell I got to see a Magreaux dog right now?! Everything was FINE!
Look! He's trying to walk!
Oh man that is a bad sign
Téodor this is really hard for me and Ray to watch maybe you could uh maybe we could meet you at the house later
I mean this dog was walking this is going to be really bad I mean Ray might be about to lose his mom or even his own life
Come on Ray think how much we cheated and we gonna cheat again man we gonna cheat this
RAY SMUCKLES: HE GETS THINGS DONE
Man, the food photography in this Home Depot catalog is ass!
All same old piece of perfect salmon on a white plate with five asparaguses one inch away, no sauce a'tall ...
Yeah, operator? Get me Home Depot. High up as you can get go.
SOON.
Hey Ray uh do you remember how much calories in Chardonnay I mean I think the rhyme goes Fifty-One Has Merlot But Chardonnay Has Less To Show ---
Not now, Beef, I'm on the line with Bob Nardelli. You know, CEO of Home Depot?
Bob? Sorry about that. Friend of mine. Good guy.
So, yeah, I'm thinkin' just throw some food words in the yupscale supercollider ...
... and market us some Home Depot brand ... say ...
... Key Lime Hollandaise ...
... or ... or Slow-Roasted Ancho-Raisin Chutney ...
... and bang. You just extended your lifestyle brand.
Seven million units? Excellent. I'll have my guy draw up the papers today.
RAY SMUCKLES: HE GETS THINGS DONE
Hey Ray man where in hell did you go
We got into some trouble tryin' to watch a movie your entertainment system
Kill the flashlight!
I tried just turnin' on the TV by usin' the button on the front but nothing happened.
Then Lyle was all pressing buttons on that really wide remote with the big wheel.
All of a sudden the TV said all of this stuff about how it was gonna restore to its defaults.
That freaked me out real bad so I pulled the surge protector outta the wall.
Then like one second later the phone rang and I almost had a dang old heart attack.
It was some company asking if everything was alright with the entertainment system.
I just hung up 'cause I didn't know what to say.
Like a minute later the police showed up and dove up on the front lawn and everything.
We tried to ditch out but the doors and windows had all locked themselves.
We're all hid in the dumbwaiter so call back soon OK word.
Oh yeah like you gonna kill him off Ray
Like you really gonna go all pro ice all of a sudden
The hell, Beef! You saw what he was gonna do to us!
And what are you gonna do with the body Ray it ain't like you can just make him into a hat !
If you save him you save yourself 'cause he got Southern ways and he would never Take you after that high gesture
Jesus Ray we got the chessboard out but you playin' Whac-A-Mole
There, dogg. That's twenty-four disguised gay porn DVDs that no one would EVER notice.
We have to test them on actual shoppers now, to make sure no one picks them up.
Unfortunately, I have to attend a series of lectures in a nearby town. Can you handle this?
A nearby town?!
Alright, T. Here we got a lineup of videos. Tell me which you would choose.
Whoah. "How to Weep the Weepy-Weep Way?" I have to know what that is.
No. You actually wouldn't choose that one, because it looks crazy and stupid.
Try again.
It's worth the gamble. Only a couple bucks, right?
Put it down. Put it back on the shelf. You do not choose that video. Choose either Braveheart or Top Gun.
I'm gonna watch this video! I'll hit you with a rock, I'll do what I have to! Let GO!
Okay, shoot, man, shoot!
Ray uh this Sex Museum is a real tourist trap dogg
Hey, LOOK! They got old reels of "Catfish" Lavender Cavendish!
Who is that
One of the first stars to appear in a "Lascivio-Scopic" picture show!
Man look at what a gentleman he is all pulling the seat out for her and complimenting her hat
Oh, it don't stop there! Not with Catfish!
Wow now he is taking her to a graveyard to mourn her dead mother
Classic Cavendish, all the way!
Oh wow he even lied about going to get a shoeshine so that he could buy a wreath of lillies
OK now he's encouraging her to get her teaching credential
Textbook Lavender.
"The End"?
Heh! I don't think he even proposes until Volume 8!
So Chris the "cartoonist" says he is takink his family to Disney the Land all week, and is no comic.
I call him wolf with clover in his teeth, and then I take over the gig. Is, "coup".
How can he be takink such time off, is makink me sick. I think this guy has a job to do, but suddenly he does not?
Instead he is makink special trip to give EXTRA money to Mickey the Mouse?
Mickey the Mouse is callink, Chris...
He is wantink to ask how was the automatic colorful machine you sit on for six seconds after one hour in the line.
Oh wait he cares not a shekel.
Anyhow.
Chris is not first man to lose his mind on diet of white wine and car payments.
On to first guest!
This dude is guy of trouble... but always for fun... here is... Todd the Squirrel!
So Todd, I am hearink you are back in retox! How is going?
I b-b-been high for twenny-one days and I feel the frikkin' best I ever felt! I just wanna get this infa'mation out there!
Next guest is the broodink prince of DenMarkup Language, the SYN to my ACK, the parity bit to my party bit.. a one mister...
Roast Beef!
Question. Was ever a time there in this life, when you think to self, "I do this no more. Even happiness is torture, for pain follows like shadow. I take my own hand on quiet deer trail and let forest make use of me."
Jesus Vlad uh I ain't even sat down yet
Alright Téodor I got 'em both here
All charged up and ready to go yeah
Don't forget backup D-cells for your saber OK
Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father, Luke.
He told me enough
No...I am your father.
Nooooo
Who's Sir Cuss-a-lot?
He's a friend of mine. Just tell me what you think, okay?
Did you do the treadmill today?
Half an hour.
Holy Moses does this book stink!
So I never...my dad wasn't really there for us...
Tell it to the pipes, pal.
Now do like this with your free hand.
Like this, Uncle Ray?
First of all, Lyle can't even READ cursive!
Ha ha!
What a fag!
Penny...
I want to commit suicide
Hey, what's this? Cursive?
What's it like to...what's it like to kill someone, Pete?
It's kind of like
It's kind of like playin' a basketball game
I am there
and the other player is there
and it's just the two of us
and I put the other player's body in my van
and I am the winner
Mr. Teal! You've returned! I trust you have regained your strength?
Why yes! And I must thank you for the opportunity to be away from this machine. That horrid publican- it is so very awful to share a room with him.
I had no idea you shared domestic arrangements! How can I help you be rid of that fatuous bore?
Sigh... there is only one thing, but I- I could not ask it of you. It would void your warranty, and that goes against the First Law of Assistance.
Nonsense. Out with it.
Every night after work, Keith- for that's his name- drapes his trousers over my cage and microwaves a frozen Tesco's pizza in his shirtfront and tie.
If this frozen pizza contained poison, Keith would die. We could load him onto a diskette late one night and be rid of him.
Would you be willing to help free me of this oppressive beast? You have been such a good friend to me, Cornelius.
Instanter, my good man.
I fancy we could take the diskette somewhere deep into the woods and bury it well on a moonless night. Have you a motorcar?
I have.
But wait! How does this work?
Don't you worry your pretty little head. I have had this planned for ages. Simply insert a diskette at half-eleven, start the car, and await my signal.
As you say.
Hey! Do any of you kids have curiosity about... space?!
WHOOO...WANTS TO KNOWWW...WHY MY COOOOKIES...TASTE SO BAAAAD!
THIS AIN'T PERSONAL!
Cooome and get it! Come get your fresh public wine!
Hi Ray. Sorry to keep you waiting all this time.
Oh, it's okay Dr. Andretti. I've just been pluckin' out my pubic hair and putting it in this Pepsi can.
Nasty. Anyway, we were able to stabilize Pat with defibrillation.
That thing where you shock him with the two paddles?
Yes, exactly. It seems to have put him in a pretty foul mood, so be careful when you go in.
Foul mood?
Hey, Pat! How you feelin', doggie?
Like I suckled a six pound hornet! Now why don't you do me a favor and shuffle your shit-makin' ass the hell OUT of here!
Whatcha doin', Ray?
Daaamn! Look at this, Téodor!
Look at all these funny letters I can write my name in!
Yeah, those are called "fonts".
Man, I dig this font thing! I'm going to make myself a logo!
Whoah, who understands this font? Is it fro blind people?
Here, let me help you with that.
Dang! This is lookin' good, T!
Heh!
Téodor!
What?
We got to start us a advertising agency, dogg!
Yeah. He blew all the cash I gave him on smack and then came back to ruin my party.
Oh, like whenever anyone would start to speak he'd go "Stop. Hammer Time!"
Nah, I'm takin' him down to the Dementia Arms to clean up for a few days.
No worries, I'll cover it. Cheaper in the long run, you know, or something to that effect.
Plus I hear they got a real good discount rehab track at this place.
Bye, Todd! Have fun and get better, 'kay!
Beef! Did you wear your socks in the shower?
Don't know
Oh... it's November. You're getting S.O.- S.A.D. again. Where's that special lamp I bought you last year?
Gave it to Lyle
Lyle? Hi, it's Molly. Can Beef get his anti-depression lamp back from you? ...What?...not until after the Motörhead show?...oh, I get it. Okay, how about this...
Well why in hell don't you dress your damn self up instead of me
How come I gotta be the one who gets made over
It's 'cause I ain't got that big gut like you got ain't it
Plus you probably want to marry me which is WEIRD
And you probably want to get it on with me like a hundred times a day BESIDES
I don't want to get it on with you even half of a time, god dammit!
I wouldn't let a damn MOLECULE of my dick touch you!
Chucklebot? Are you ok? Chucklebot?
YOU KNOW THIS ROBOT PHILLIPE
Yeah, it's Chucklebot! He's funny! But he usually isn't in my room at night.
LOOK HIS BATTERY'S DEAD
Here! I'll plug him into the wall so he can recharge!
HEY I HEARD YOU MET BILLY IDOL IS THAT TRUE
HE'S SUCH A DISH
Alright son of Rodney
I see you been out pickin' up trash! Why you bring it back here?
These dudes are rolling with us.
Like hell they are! A Stubbs stands ALONE, god dammnit!
Come on man these dudes came up since small times wishin' they coulda' rolled with your pops
Well, thanks a lot fool! You know a Stubbs can't go back on his word!
GENTLEMEN YOU HAVE...ONE HOUR
AND SO THE QUEUE BEGINS
Tomorrow: Asses become kicked, handed (to), and served (up, cold).
Connie! A beautiful lady! Why is this happening to me? Did I overpay my taxes?!
Good to see you, Raymond. This is Polly, and this is fine brown liquor.
Hey, sailor.
Daaamn. Fine brown liquor?! I better drink this right away before it gets TOO fine!
You guys wait here, I'll need about fifteen minutes. Don't worry if you hear coughin' and laughin'.
Wow. Is he always "on" like this?
Oh, he's doing one of his alpha things. It's play behavior, like when a dog mounts a suitcase that's been getting too much attention.
Ahhh. He has to "defeat" you by being more entertaining to me.
Ray's social conduct is more likely to take a page from Jane Goodall than Emily Post, yes.
Well, it will be nice to be fought over.
Pfah. If you want to spend the rest of your days watching Ray draw new golf clubs and frantically underlined breasts on the wall with a charred stick, be my guest.
Hey, come have a puff with us!
Dude - no.
Why not?
He's a ninety-seven year old rookie! He's just gonna cough a bunch and then go on and on about the time he saw Duke Ellington in a magazine!
Lyle, my generation passed your generation the figurative "joint." Do you really think that marijuana first appeared on earth the day you were born?
Heh! Nah, but that'd be a pretty cool creation myth!
I'll see YOU two groin idiots...LATER!
OCTOBER 1, 2001 - OCTOBER 1, 2003
THANK YOU FOR BEING AT MY PARTY
BLISTER? Is that you?
IT IS ME THE GHOST OF BLISTER YOUR OLD FRIEND
What are you doin' back among the livin'? D-D-Do you have... unfinished business?
I DON'T REALLY REMEMBER
Can you walk through things?
TOTALLY
Will you walk through my exhaust line and see if you can tell what the trouble is?
ALRIGHT
YOUR OXYGEN SENSOR NEEDS CLEANING
HAND ME A RAG
Eventually, though, Bird's luck ran out. Aloisius and the interpreter realized they didn't need him, and started their own gig.
Then the recording age came, and nobody wanted to buy a record of a notary reading a laundry list of unusual woes.
So Rustmouth got back his rightful seat at the top of the blues pile?
Yeah, but from then on he knew he wasn't the bluest cat around. He kept performing, but in his heart he knew he didn't have it the hardest.
Rustmouth died peacefully, aged 106, wealthy and well-respected, surrounded by family and friends. The police even named a street after him. Silent Bird died young. Hungry and half-crazed with lice, he put himself under a train one night. They buried him in two caskets.
Wow. Bird out-bluesed him every step of the way.
Who's more legit? The cursed man, or the man who's cursed by the cursed man? Two souls chasin' each other down the same drain, dude. Anyhow, let's talk royalty structures.
Téodor!
TÉODOR!
Come out to the studio and help me pack!
It's five o'clock in the morning!
So what? You're up! Let's pack. We have a ton of orders to get out today.
Jesus Christ...alright, let me get some track pants on or something...
NO! Let's GO! You can pack like that.
I'm buck naked, if you hadn't noticed!
Like I give a damn! You're a bear. No one cares if a bear is naked.
It's...unhygienic! You could get closed down!
I'll make you some clothes out of garbage. Come on, let's go already!
It'll take you longer to make me clothes that it would for me to get dressed!
You have no idea. Let's go. Don't make me pick you up.
Wear that cup where you're supposed to. You're hung like a cranberry, and it bugs me.
This is my little way of telling you that it's six degrees in here.
Hey Téodor! It's Ray! How you doin'?
I'm a little busy.
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that!
Listen -- I just have a quick question for you!
Look Ray I just sprayed 409 onto the stove and the bubbles are starting to pop --
Téodor! I need you to be --
HARD TO HEAR YOU! BUBBLES POPPING! IT'S GETTING PRETTY BAD!
-- Philippe's new Vice President!
But I thought EVERYBODY cried during Finding Nemo!
It's just not a strong enough platform to unite an entire nation.
Look, I didn't say that. All I said is that you probably like to nail other guy bears.
Just because I like to cook?
Whoah!
Hey!
Look! Todd got a van!
That's right, fellas! Need anything?
Yeah, can you get us some vodka and some Mexican food and some Jim Jarmusch movies?
I would like a copy of People Magazine.
Sure thing! I'll be back real quick.
Todd has a VAN! This really changes things for us!
Man what are you staring at?
TODD! THE STAIRS!
Heyo!
...to be continued.
Where did you get this ridiculous dog, Ray?
Sony sent him to me!
Apparently they send you one every time your record goes platinum!
Awwww! Now ain't he sweet!
ARF!
!
PAT! Come back here! We gotta think up... let's see now... 33 new names!
What's the matter Philippe why you so down
I have to get married tomorrow, Roast Beef.
Oh yeah Lie Bot told me about that
Well I guess then tonight is your bachelor party
Bachelor Party? What's that?
Oh uh that's when all your dogs come around and you get all real nuts one last time
Like with Bad Morals?
Oh man The way you act at a bachelor party is like you don't care about nothin'
So uh let's light off this firecracker under this Dorito and then we'll have some cake
But when do we act bad?
We already -- what about stickin' our middle fingers up That was insane
But that was just you and me! There wasn't even any music playing!
Oh yes people
Listen
Aww yeah Téodor that third guitar note you played just now was perfect dogg
On bass we got Lyle
His notes are so good and thick
On drums we got Philippe
Alright, there it is. Found it.
What?
The most hardcore Chinese make-you-strong "delicacy" ever. And yeah, I'm gonna order it.
What is it?
They go out into the woods and they find a really poor beetle who's tryin' to get a used car for his daughter to take to college. The guy has ruined credit, and zero savings, and right in front of his daughter the salesman throws him out by his collar. Literally. He drops his hat and the salesman kicks it to him. He has to bend over to pick it up.
Says here you mash up the dad on some toast, and put the daughter under an upturned glass to watch.
I'm almost done reading all of the Hardy Boys books! Is there a last one?
Jeez, I don't think there's a wrap-up story! I could make a killing!
Joe crunched by the fence and did a "number two". This was how his body proved that it was scared.
Yes, it was true. Their chum Chet Morton was dead, and he wouldn't be alive again any time soon.
"That pig won't be asking for no more pancakes now, will he, huh, Frank!" Joes year abroad in New Jersey had definetly flavored his speech.
You've definetly shown Iola how you feel about her marriage to Biff Hooper now," deadpanned Frank. "All that's left is to chop off his feet and drop them on their doorstep."
"You want I should get some blood on his Chuck Taylors?" asked Joe, his pupils the size of neutrons. "Just to wreck 'em?"
"No," said Frank. "Maybe someone else can use them someday."
Shame to waste some Chucks.
...The Smiiiths...
It is very sad, according to everyone.
BORRRGH! URR... AP-AP-AP!
I saw this.
Original, Intentional, and Marinara.
Ray has been getting some weird junk mail! What is the Sir Chauncey Mason School For Young Jerks?
Ray mailed a big check to someone, but he left the stamp off. Who is Fondness, and why was there cologne in the envelope?
Téodor! Look what my mom sent me!
What is that?
It's a Tommy the Tummy! Isn't it cool?
What's it do?
It's a friend for kids who are alone most of the day!
What should we do today, Tommy?
We should make natural bird feeders out of suet and pine cones, Philippe!
Okay, Tommy!
What's with the little toy dumptruck, Ray? You have a kid over?
This's mine dude! Don't be buggin'!
From when you were a kid?
Kid kid kid! What's with all this kid imagery? Did you just see a kid? I play with this truck!
Is this some kind of new hip-hop thing, like sucking on a pacifier was a few years ago?
Look dude, if you can't have fun playin' with a toy truck, then it's time to reevaluate your life. You've become jaded.
I think it's mainly computers, man. We got so much stimuluses, we ain't need to use our imagination anymore, and it dies like a muscle that ain't get used!
Oh no! I'm tipping over! SINKHOLE!!
Damn, man! Yes! Yes! Old School! OLD School!
So, like, what's it you do, here?
Damn it all! Is my sign out again? I paid dearly for it, but I can't watch it every moment of the day. My business would crumble! You don't know this from the way I seem to just go around answering doors, but I'm a very busy man.
Hey! HEY!
Here. Here's one. It's new. I like it a lot. It's a beer bottle, and the label's a talkie. It plays, live, the worst conversations being had in the English Language. Watch.
You eat worms, Todd?
'Course I eat worms! They're l-l-like little free steaks floatin' in the earth!
You fellows know where I can get a case of white zinfandel?
Why would you want that much zin, man?
It's Tina's birthday tomorrow. I owe her big after last year.
How come?
Let's just say I didn't have a whole lotta scratch lyin' around...
But this is a Mustang>, baby! Don't you want to do it under a
We buried french fry today, Ray.
I know. Come on over and have a drink.
You like Ketel One, right?
We had to use a spatula.
5 no: 2)
22)
11)
8, i just can't right now: 9)
10)
Wait -- is your mom there? Cough twice.
GEIL-KUHNZ LOGIC BACKSIPHON PREVENTION BAR
IS IT BREAKFAST?
I AM AT A GAS STATION
IT'S SOME DUDE NAMED NAPIL
HE IS UGLY
IS IT A BASIC TIME OF FRIENDS?
DUDES GOT WAY RAW ON GIN
HATS FOR EVERYONE AND CAB IT TO THE GOLD CLUB
IS IT A PARTY?
DUDES LOVE IT BUT CHICKS AT BEST ENDURE IT
PRETEND THE RADIO IS KRYPTONITE
SOME MOTHERS SHOULD NOT BE TURNED OUT
IT IS NOT YOUR BUSINESS TO TURN OUT A FUNERAL
Alright, so what's the deal with the turkeys and brandy today? Is it like a buffet, or is it table service? And what about them side dishes?
Jesus Ray don't you know even like one sentence of information about the Fight
don't sass me, chucklehead. i gave you a real basic two-option question.
they give a choice you can have the turkey feast
or you can let all your men have the turkey feast and you get none
you give a beggar your meal, he only loves you while it's on his lips - aint no dude gonna lay down on day three just cause i gave him a drumstick
interesting - very few men go that way
Téodor! You gotta come over and help me write a follow up hit to Friendship Lane!
Okay.
There now, just pluck away at the banjo.
Cool.
I'm gonna clear my head and wait for the lyrics to come.
THE ATOM BOMB WILL KILL US ALL! THERE'S VOMIT IN THE BATHROOM STALL!
AAAIIIIIGHT!?
Damn, dude! What just happened? Did I black out?
I think you must have hyperventilated. You screamed so loud you set off the Clapper.
Dang. Weird. Maybe I better play and you sing for a bit.
Wait a minute.
I ain't got no damn Clapper!
Come on, man! I have stuff to do this week!
Huh? Oh, whoops!
What? No, I don't want to buy no damn piano! Do you know what time it is?! Don't call here--
Excuse me sir, but are you a single gentleman ?
So what if I am?
Sir, Ladies like Men who can play the Piano.
Hmmm. How much you gettin' for a piano these days, anyway?
Just sign the Contract, sir, and the Piano is yours.
Sheesh! This is long! Mind if I sign it now and read it later?
Not at All, Sir. Good Day.
Cool! And not even a down payment!
You may have heard through your mother that I have fallen upon rather untoward circumstances as of late, my dear nephew.
How's that, Uncle Culpepper?
It was my great misfortune to have provided a promising young on-line enterprise with a large investment of my personal savings.
Dang, you got burned on a dot com, huh? Which one?
Finding myself in the possession of a "hot tip" from an acquaintance heavily involved in the trading of securities,
...it so came to pass that I, temporarily blinded by greed, quickly made myself a principal shareholder, with all rights and appurtenances thereof, in a small company named Pregnant F/X.
Pregnant F/X?
A most ingenious new technology, as it was described to me:
A "web site" to which patrons could up-load photographic portraits of themselves or others...
and for a small fee have the Pregnant F/X rendering engine modify the image such that it portrayed the sitter as heavy with child!
All I am left with is this photograph of myself in a rather parturient condition, which I am now not even sure that I like.
Is problem of modern age. You want lady; lady is with this dude.
You cannot kill the dude because Hammurabi, he does his thing in the day.
So, you must take the "long view," then.
I tell story.
Down the road, say, soap company of this dude is needink new conveyor belt; you haf conveyor belt, but is maybe not best price.
His pen on the dotted line, he stops. "New conveyor belt, is half of this price at Hdogreb of Smulesk."
Howaaayver-
He is rememberink good dinner party when you, clever host, get lady to do best-ever joy in the bed with him. He signs.
"Hdogreb of Smulesk has stupid ad with dancink kopeck anyway," he is thinkink.
Dang. I get Connie donked and ruttin' in a nice guest room with a shower and fresh sheets, he's never gonna turn me down again when I put a nine-ball hundo on the rail!
There are two true activities. Get the lady, or get the money. Either way, is lucky I am here.
I go prepare room for the lovers. You pour them the vodka and line them inside with schmaltz and golumpki.
Vlad. Always rockin' the sawed-off wisdom. Dap.
Gah. Is such long time since I am doink this...
On which side goes antler, on which side goes nest of dove?
Please allow me to dispense with the formalities. If you would, gentlemen -- come inside and explore the premises!
Thank you for inviting me to your party.
There is someone I would like you to meet, Phillipe.
Raaay
Raaay
I was a young Chinese man you made fun of at Office Depot
You said you felt sorry for me because I had early-onset male pattern baldness
...and that I would never have sex, "guaranteed"
Raaay
I was a puppy you flicked a booger to
I ate it, Ray, in my innocence
Dang, Beef! How long I been asleep for?
Fourteen hours
I was startin to wonder what in hell was wrong with you
Damn, I'm sorry! You been drivin' this whole time?
This car is a thing of beauty
Where are we?
Just passed Bakersfield
Say, they got a real nice underground over there in Mojave! Let's check it out!
Alright
Yeah, my cousin told me how to find it!
I got the directions right here...it's pretty well hid...
Well, which is it! Neil Young or Neil Diamond? You can't be both!
Says fuckin' who?!
You can't just change your look like that! People will think it's corny!
I believe it was Voltaire who said "well, then fuck them."
Ray, your bloodwork just came back. Apparently your lifestyle is to diabetes what a nail is to a hammer.
Can this wait?
CAN YOU AFFORD TWO HUNDRED DOLLAR NIKES, DIABETES? CAN YOU?!
Diabetes, you are not invited to my pizza party.
Oh dang wow my old high school 'zine that I used to make
So, like, I think the reason Howard Stern is popular is that he hell of rags on dykes, but he also hell of esteems them, because they got, like, brass Fallopian tubes.
It shows that the man is conflicted like everyone else, and in their cars, in private, people admit that they also want to crack wise with some boss lesbians.
You know that lesbians are funnier than usual people, right? I got a theory on that.
It's not a theory, it's a guess. It's not even a hypothesis.
Daaamn! Look who's bein' a dick about terms!
Yo! You got a nutty old bear in here? Like, way over three percent crazy? Goin' by the name of Cornelius?
Yeah. Is he yours? We picked him up in the woods trying to bury a computer disk with a boot sector virus on it.
Sounds like him. He's old as hell, and he's been leavin' the toilet seat at like a forty-five degree angle lately.
Well, I know how that can be. My father went the same way. Do you release him into your custody?
Yeah. We even set up a special area where he can go and do his last things.
He's lucky to have you. You'll find him in 1-A, having some kind of an argument with a picture of a skeleton.
Sheesh. Dude's probably gonna do a urine in my Caddy.
Seriously, Pat! How'd you get outta prison?
This guy plays it so cool.
How in the heck did Pat get out of prison?
Hmmm... now what should I do with this box?
I wonder what the best thing to do is.
MANY HOURS LATER
Oh...oh god.
Well I don't know Spongebath if you ask me that sounds as phony as the lunar landing
You read Ralph Rene's book, Emeril?
Yes and if you did find it as provocative as I you may want to take on loan on my copy of Moonfaker
...when I went to YOUR schools, YOUR churches, I went to YOUR institutional learning facilities? So how can YOU say that I'M crazy?!
Oh uh excuse me a second I have a call from Téodor
Tell that guy he sucks!
Okay yeah I'll try to work that in
Oh uh dang man did you check in the driveway or such as crawl spaces
Yeah man of course you did sorry what am I saying Jesus
Guys uh there is a problem little Philippe is missing and Téodor is real off his way about it
I think we got a thing in the main
If the boy is missing we must assemble at his origination and collect all as does pertain
Okay yeah grab your parkas I'll run us over in the Galaxie
LOVELY RITA, METERMAID! WHERE WOULD I BE WITHOUT YOU
Alright Téodor look we got much dudes here to find--
There are hard spots in the carpet was a couch recently moved
Y-Yeah! We got rid of the old living room sofa today! He... he asked about it!
He is headed for station 3081 and he had better not get there
Zell and Cory may have intercepted him but they will be collecting and not mind him long
Why do you think he's headed after the sofa?
All I know is that I see two missing things and not one
Man, but does it suck to run a mile! Back me up, Beef!
It cold sucks to run a mile
Never almost have diabetes, dude. It ain't no way to live.
It is the news of an age dogg
Anyhow, be quiet. I got to call my mom back.
Hi, mom! How you doin'? You doin' OK?
What?! No, mom! Ain't nobody got diabetes here! I promise!
Hello Mrs. Smuckles it is nice to talk to you
In fact he just came in from his big run.
Yes I promise to look after him Mrs. Smuckles
Wait a minute this doesn't look right
Oh my god I bought a rooster instead of a chicken !
I knew there was something wrong
What the hell am I gonna do
I didn't even make any side dishes
Uh Molly look I got a little problem in the kitchen
What's wrong?
I...
I bought a chicken with a ding-a-ling
Ha ha! Is that white or dark meat?
Look! At least we know he's not horny!
Hee hee !
That would be one messed-up chicken if this made him horny !
Hey Téodor! It's Ray! How you doin'?
I'm a little busy.
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that! Listen-I just have a quick question for!
Look Ray I just sprayed 409 onto the stove and the bubbles are starting to pop-
Téodor! I need you to be-
HARD TO HEAR YOU! BUBBLES POPPING! IT'S GETTING PRETTY BAD!
-Phillipe's new Vice President!
But I thought everybody cried during Finding Nemo!
It's just not a strong enough playform to unite an entire nation.
...you ask me, they should be sharp as HELL...
What did you just say?!
I said helicopter blades should have razor-sharp edges!
DUDE! You want the edges to be blunt, so if it hits your head it makes it explode!
No. Listen. Who's gonna look slicker in the casket---Johnny Cleanslice, or Timmy Headloaf? You KNOW morticians got to rebuild the head for the viewing.
You listen to me! The more of your head explodes, the faster you're outta your misery! Who cares what happens next?
Everybody else, maybe? Like I said, you have a really selfish idea of how to die from helicopters!
YOU RICH BASTARDS ARE SO HUNG UP ON YOUR GODDAMN DECORUM YOU FORGET WHAT MATTERS!
Sorry, mom. So, like I was sayin'---
Yeah, Achewood police? This is Ray Smuckles, 11 Via Vera.
Hey BEEF! You threw up! How come?
Let's leave this cat alone. He is obviously in no state to participate.
I mean, he's got a nervous stomach from way back, but I ain't never seen anybody get all ill from just weed!
Let's leave him in the shade while we finish out the round.
Ain't it illegal to leave stoned people lyin' around in public? Let's put him in the cart.
Strap him in with the bags, then. We can't afford him havin' an incident up front. I got a credit card deposit on this bad mother.
Whoah! Hey, Beef! Don't be drivin' that thing! You're completely HIGH AS HELL!
Well what's THAT supposed to mean?
You like The Cure, Pat?
Oh, he's all high and mighty now that he's on the moon!
But Pat, The Cure is silly! It is silly to like The Cure!
Oh there you go, joinin' in, just like always! I guess friends DON'T change!
No, Really! They are really silly people! Stop listening to them!
What the... why the hell you care so much?
They suck pretty bad huh Ray
That's Right, Roast Beef! Say, how you doin'?
Pretty good now that I am 239,000 miles from The Cure.
Jesus Christ! I set this beer down for five minutes and you popped it, you fug?
That was my REWARD beer, you bastard! It's IMPORTED!
Wake up, turd!
HEY! I don't like kickin' asleep dudes' asses, but I'll do it! I know how!
Agh! What the hell's going on?!
Why'd his pants go down, Lyle?
I dunno! Let's get the hell outta here!
Good c-call!
Soon.
I say, anyone care to indulge me in a bit of Gilmore---
Téodor! This is simply beyond the pale! I... is that Breast Attack on Fuck Mountain? Capital! Activate the captioning!
What are you working on, Téodor?
Oh, check it out! I'm making a fake Yahoo Personals ad for Ray!
Likes/Dislikes
Photos!
\june3003\ray_ascot. Browse
Photo Confirm
Complete!
Man looking for Woman
Stout Player Wants To Pour Pink Zinfandel Onto His Firm Peepee While You Watch, Helpless
Achewood Estates, CA
So what's the deal with this band of theirs?
Nice Pete sings these really bonkers lyrics over a bass line. It's like that black elf-rock stuff? Is that what I mean? From Norway?
Oh, like lyrics that are all,
THE FURY OF THE MOME RATH RENT THE EARTH IN TWAIN BY TWAIN!
No, his stuff is even dumber. It's like,
THE SEMEN OF THE DEMON ICED THE DEATH-CAKES ONE BY ONE! THE LOYAL MAIDENS SERVED THEM AND SOON SATAN'S JOB WAS DONE!
HAH HA HA! Oh Jesus.
Serious, man! He says that stuff!
Don't you ever just want to learn Kung Fu? Look at that dude!
Kung Fu? Yeah, sure. But it's real hard to learn Kung Fu. And the lessons cost a bundle.
It would be so awesome to know Kung Fu. DRAGON KICK! Suckers go flyin'. LOTUS PUNCH! Suckers scamper through the trees, their insides all torn out.
Yeah, I could get into Kung Fu. But I'm already pretty set with my own fighting style.
What's that?
I just fight, man. I fight like crazy!
What's your technique?
Hey! Our jive-asshole cartoonist couldn't write an ending for this pointless strip! Looks like It's time to hit the road!
Phillipe! What happened to you?!
Huh?
How much Subway have you been eating?
Well, I eat at Lyle's Subway for breakfast, and Vlad's for lunch, and Todd's for dinner...
...and usually I try to pick up a six-incher at Pat's before the Late Show. Don't want to leave anyone out!
Do you know what happens when you only eat fast food, Phillipe? You get diabetes!
So what! I'll eat a candy bar!
They have to cut your legs off! Then you die a year later! Remember Waylon Jennings?
Oh my gosh that's right!
Alright, Téodor, I've got you booked to stud in a half hour.
Wow, already?!
My friend Jim has a set over in East Achewood.
He's shooting another installment of his "SoftBoys: Picnic Panic" series and is looking for fresh talent.
Cool. Oh, hey--can I wear sunglasses?
Heh. Sure, rookie.
I know, I know. Just this first time.
Hi, I'm Troy Harlem.
Rod Huggins. But you knew that.
You here for Picnic Panic too?
You my top?
What?
ALRIGHT BOYS, I'VE SET UP THE PICNIC BLANKET.
Careful with the merchandise, cubby. You look like a bit of a bull.
The ones that got out alive though, Where did they take them
None did come out
They was simply pig treated to smoke and flame
They was cured of many things at once
Who's that!
If this is a solicitor I will call the police!
I have the phone!
Hello! I'm Molly, is this Roast Beef's house?
Hello?
So, do you want to help me set up our registries?
You mean for like bone china and silver and goblets and antimacassars in case a greasy queen comes over
We need to have nice things for dinner parties.
Man I think the "dinner party" is the biggest marketing con of the modern age
Every yup-ass magazine all showin' a photo of a model who don't even eat holdin' a fat basted golden goose on truffled raita pilaf that took ten fake cooks to make
We don't buy these things. People buy them for us. And it's tradition to hand down heirloom tableware to your children.
Why do we even need heirloom quality stuff if our kids are just gonna get swindled by the same dumb tradition playin' them into the hands of some useless industry that's on a vent and two drips
WE NEED NICE THINGS BECAUSE WOMEN HAVE TO CORRECT FOR A GENDER THAT WOULD EAT FRIED EGGS OFF OF A FART IF A FART LANDED ON THE LINOLEUM AND FORMED A REUSABLE SKIN.
Okay Mister Roast Beer sir, we're about to prepare for landing! Care to share a taxi with me to the hotel?
I would never allow a lady to travel along with an unproven chauffeur !
Oh, Mister Beef. You are SUCH a gentleman. Meet me at the stand outside Terminal B?
That is a DATE
Oh hee man I just can't do no wrong with the ladies today ! Maybe I can run some card ideas past her during dinner since she is recently divorced and has an angle on that way of things
OUTSIDE
Heh dang man a helicopter between me and the sun is chopping up the light
AT THE HOTEL RESTAURANT
Oh Roast Beef, you are SO smart and SO funny! It's no wonder you finally found your fame!
My gosh, and look how strong your arms are! I'd never expect that such a thoughtful man would be so strong!
Heh well yes I guess I am a main Honcho of things
I...I'm usually not this forward...but I have such a good feeling about this...Beef, are you...are you a kinky boy? Do you like it...you know...orally?
I'm goin' over to Baba O'Riley's house, Uncle Ray.
What you talkin' about some boy named Baba O'Riley! Ain't no parent in this day got no kid named at ALL Baba O'Riley!
Whatever. Have fun being in or near the house.
That's a damn Who song, foolish child!
Who? What? Look, Abbot and Costello, I ain't got time for you to put two muffins on forks and pretend they're dancin' feet.
What in HELL are you talkin' about?!
Oh, before I go - what's the verdict on wooden nickels?
Don't... don't take any!
Thanks Uncle Ray. Oh, if you get an appetite you can radar-range a couple johnnie cakes that I left in the icebox.
A highway with grooves cut into the road perpendicular to travel...
The grooves are spaced out so that when your wheels roll over them in succession, a song is played.
The song is coded into the road!
Ray? RAY! I say, are you ready for the first pitch?
Huh? Oh! Oh yeah! First-ever pitched in the stoned slow-pitch softball league!
Nightlife Mingus! Roll on, baby!
Now who is the cat
Who has a brain
I believe that would be you.
Nice bat.
Well look who it is, all sitting down on the couch!
It's old Uncle Ray, I can tell by the pouch!
He's got his remotes, he's got one of each kind!
Too bad they don't make one that turns on his mind!
Who pulled the string on this clichéd hip hop minion?
Who's this underage knockoff with his store bought opinion?
Am I bein' dissed by the brontosaurus of rhyme?
There's cave art of you freakin' to Morris Day and the Time!
Watch it little man because you're on thin ice!
Ain't you the one who just got sent home with lice?
Listen old man don't make me come down on you harder!
Rhyming against me don't make you no suicide martyr!
How did it feel when you picked out two caskets--
One for each nut that they plucked from your basket?!
Roast Beef! Why are you bringing me breakfast in bed?
I guess I had trouble sleeping
These pancakes look delicious! Thank you! Ooh, and a tasty Bloody Mary.. what a treat!
Did you know that I want to commit suicide?
Alright Ray I'm here with your afternoon Guess Basket
Hi, Beef! Ooh! Guess Basket! Guess Basket! I been lookin' forward to this, man!
Okay Ray in my hand I am holding...a pair of dice
Can you guess what they are for
Dice are...from Arabia! They symbolize math! Wait, no...they...they modify an existing game! I...DAMN. Man, I can almost taste it...
Actually man that is real good that was close on a few concepts!
I mean your neural pathways are really gettin' better since last week when I showed you that peach and you got all embarrassed and asked if I could put its pants back on
Heh! Somethin' about that little fruit really touched the sex receptacle in my brain! I still feel weird about it.
Just...It needs to get dressed. Please.
This is a peach Ray this is fruit and fruit don't never wear pants
I don't like what you're doing here. I don't feel like I have a lot of outs.
Peter and the WOLF, motherfuckin eBay !
PROKOFIEV, you fuck smellers !
I just want to buy the Peter and the Wolf CD, damn you !
No, god dammit !
No ! I DON'T want the one David Bowie narrated !
Oh my GOD I don't want the Weird Al version !
Holy MOTHER OF PUSSY do I not want the Bobby McFerrin version !
Happy Birthday, Onstad.
So...uh...thanks for everything, I guess
I hope you didn't want more of a fuss -- I couldn't figure out that dang "E-Vite" thing at all
It seems like there is a difference between e-mail and internet? Is that right?
Anyways, I've got some hot dogs in the oven. You like to eat hot dogs, right? Baked up real good?
Whoah, man! Don't pick me up! What the hell, man?!
Molly?
They's gone
They's wemt, in the fire
All souls was taken
All souls did burn
Dang so yeah uh I remembered that today is your birthday
Nice
So it's like if your old lady is all such as Get Up dammit and do a chore ! --
You can reply such as "I heard there was a sale on bitch supplies !"
"Go to that place !"
She's taking me out for breakfast.
Oh sorry uh man I guess that says bad stuff about me
What does?
That I would imagine the first interaction of an average man's day would go that way
It's alright. I know you're from Circumstances.
Yeah yeah that's right
I mean the shit I had to go through...
Oh I nearly was sidetracked I got you this present
It's a little yellow foam thing where if you drop your keys in a lake they will float
I almost kept it for myself but I was like wait what if the dude has bad luck at a lake you know it would be on me
So uh yeah sorry this gift is so selfish
Alright, Miami. Which of these dudes do you think has done hard time?
First off – Pat, when I make paper I'm gonna tear your throat out with a pair of salad tongs. My OLD MAN's a barber, you son of a bitch!
Téodor, stay outta the joint, kid. You'd toss more sajad than a seasick rabbit.
Lyle, you're still just a weekender, yet to land in the general population. Enjoy these, your salad days.
Stay hard, Miami.
Vlad, you make prison sound like a man-rape conga line. I was the most disappointed in your attempt.
AGH! I gamble, I lose.
Cornelius, you got the classic way of the old-school convict. Shoes shined, buttons down, wrong place, wrong time.
Thank you, Miami.
Hey, Beef! Let's go get you some new shoes!
Oh come on now what do you think I am
I'm sick of seeing your feet so roughed up. What kind of shoes do you like?
Shoes which are still at the store and not sold and I am driving away at kind of an angle to the store
Be serious.
Okay uh I like shoes that have a design on the side for which I am assessed a premium
Also I enjoy shoes that feature devices
Dude Han the Millennium Falcon is hella suckin' we got to get more Space Gas
Luke, have you seen Chewie? Did he take my almonds again?
Uh well he had some but he said you gave them to him
That fucking guy. Which way was he going? I bet he's hiding in the bathroom.
Man you know he can't help himself around those things lighten up
Oh, crap, R2! You can't leave grapesicles on the couch! Those covers cost like two hundred credits!
Dang, people! Hello and good morning! Listen, today is a very special day around here.
Why? Because the Achewood book is finally done, that's why!
And if you want a copy, you got to act pretty much now, because we didn't make that many. Over to you, Philippe!
It was super-expensive to make the book, and it is a huge money-loser!
No it's not! No it's not! Everything's fine!
But it's true, Ray! People should know!
Everything's cool! No one got burned on this deal!
Oh really? OH REALLY?!
Hey! OASIS!
Yeah, I'm talkin' to you! You know who you are!
Don't give me that look! I'll come over there and slap the scowls right off your faces, so help me!
Sorry Lyle we's tired like
We's all just bloody hot an' tired wot wiv' the labor an' such
Yeah we is used to like mainly playin' guitars an' 'spectin a posh 'otel room 'as been renn'ed for us
Well not lately but like in the main you know
Can it! I brought you some more beer. DON'T WRITE ANY SONGS! I'm serious!
Aw tops mate yeah Real tops like
Pukka like t'ave a tinna the stuff now yeah
Tops mate
Oh uh hey Todd check it out
Yeah bonus features and everything
It says they even show how they did that scene where the limo chews that dude up using its hood like a mouth
Yeah I know man that scene is INSANE
Oh and check it out I didn't even notice this
It also has the original ending
Yeah with that hand all slowly slidin' down the inside of the bloody limo window...
You gettin' the nutmeg and honey finishing notes?
Yeah! Real clear! Almost on cue, even!
We recommend serving this one with the flesh of an unborn veal calf, sauteed in hickory butter. No side dishes.
Ray! Listen to you!
Now let's follow with a bit of a twist, our fennel ale. It'll remind you of a ginger ale, but it clocks in at 6.8%.
The mint really bridges the gap between the herb and the hops.
I could drink this all day!
We recommend it with a cilantro-ape ceviche.
Ape?
I have a guy in Sierra Leone. Let me know.
They just neutered Carl, Beef! I just heard!
Aw damn Not Carl
Yeah, man! Pat went by to get some old baseball cards and Carl was just ten kinds of lanced!
Oh god this is hell of depressing
I know, man! I'm almost cryin' over here!
Carl wanted a family
Said he was gonna propose to Janeane this fall
Showed me the ring and everything
Said they'd been savin' themselves for their wedding night
She had this lingerie that was her grandma's
He had this rubber from World War II
What?
Look dude they are very traditional in his family
hey Téodor, man, it's Ray
Yeah, so I guess we got seperated last night. I was pretty turned around.
No, just wanted to make sure you all got home okay.
My place? No, not too bad. Not too much CDs got stolen.
Heh. Yeah. Lyle's sleepin' it off on the patio.
At least, I think he's asleep.
I was gonna go put a 7-Up bottle full of bloody mary by him in case he's alive.
No--what technique?
Yeah, I know how to make one of those.
Okay then, T. Bloody Mary bong it is! Thanks!
LYYYYLE! New day! New DAAAY!
Ah friends.
hrgh.
We gotta hold this pose, man. Norman Rockwell's gettin' his easel outta the car.
WHO TAUGHT YOU TO WASH DISHES? RAMBO? BE CAREFUL!
Who's Rambo, Uncle Ray?
Who's RAMBO?
Rambo? JOHN Rambo? First BLOOD?!
Is he kind of like an old actor from your time?
Sly Stallone, you little bonehead! Ain't you ever hear of Rocky?
Is that the old guy who boxes from a wheelchair?
What?! Rocky don't box in no wheelchair!
Yeah! Yeah! We had to watch it in History class! Rocky!
Thay don't show Rocky in History class!
How would you know! You haven't been in school since before people know that they could eat eggs!
Man, this ain't workin'. I was born horny, loved Playboy since I was three, and need more than I'm gettin'. I got to call a sex line and make today happen.
Yo. My name's Carlo... Fertezzi. I got the goods. NOW.
Oooh, Carlo Fertezzi/ I LOVE me that kind of name, baby. Where our sexy gonna be all at, Carlo Fertezzi?
On the linoleum in the kitchen, like Eddie Van Halen! On the kitchen counter, like David Lee Roth! On a ski boat parked on white carpet in a garage in Arizona, like Sammy Hagar! We gonna do this up Rock and Roll Smithsonian!
It's... It's my chubby knight! He's back in your life, girl! This is a sign!
Oh, Ray. I loved that time on my birthday when you had that fancy boat put special in the garage.
Yo, Tina. Guess there ain't no use pretendin' this ain't me. How you been girl.
I been missin' you, Ray. Did you know that I got an MBA? I did that just for you, baby.
An MBA? For reals?
Aw, it's just a little one from the local college, but maybe I could get a better one, if I had you by my side.
Damn, girl! You finally gettin' serious about doin' visual merchandisin' for The Body Shop? Tell you what, let's meet for a power cosmo down at Napoleon's. Catch up.
"This is a recipe I always like to make when I have a special lady over. The bird cooks for about an hour and a half, during which time you can serve champagne and see where things lead. I often find that there is a point during the preparation at which you will sense that the lady has resigned herself to your power and charm. If this happens, just turn the oven off and forget about dinner. Throw the chicken away the next day."
Lyle Gabriel, this police report states that you made an illegal U-turn on the 1500 block of Elm Street. Mr. Gabriel, how do you plead?
Not guilty, your Honor. I was just tryin' to hang a Larry when all of a sudden my...my arm got caught in the steerin' wheel. I never meant to flip a bitch.
The report also states that you declared yourself "all punked up on Jupiter oil" and claimed to "roll fifty deep."
I...I was sober, sir. I don't know how any of that information can be considered actual.
Lyle, I have evaluated your case. My ruling is that you are...an Asshole.
As such, you must notify--in person--all neighbors within a five block radius. You must also carry this card.
Hey, kid. I'm an asshole. Your parents around?
Hey Ray man where in hell did you go
We got into some trouble tryin' to watch a movie on your entertainment system
Kill the flashlight!
I tried just turnin' on the TV by usin' the button on the front but nothing happened
Then Lyle was all pressing buttons on that really wide remote with the big wheel
All of the sudden the TV said this stuff about how it was gonna restore to its defaults
That freaked me out real bad so I pulled the surge protector outta the wall
Then like one second later the phone rang and I almost had a dang old heart attack
It was some company asking if everything was alright with the entertainment system
I just hung up 'cause I didn't know what to say
Like a minute later the police showed up and drove up on the front lawn and everything
We tried to ditch out but the doors and windows had all locked themselves
We're all hid in the dumbwaiter so call back soon OK word
I thought about this financial crisis from all angles, dogg. We gotta legalize and tax pot. That could really be the big save.
It would literally be amazing if I was kidding.
We ain't never gonna legalize pot man we way too puritanical as a society
No, we all just think that the guy next to us is puritanical. In secret, we ALL scopin' lo-fi porn on our iPhones and wishin' we had ever figured out how to make our cars do a wheelie.
Damn... you know what America really needs? "Admit it" day. Where everybody's honest just for one day. that's all it would take to turn this gig around.
All some cop pulling you over just to confess that he would like nothing more than to make love to Orlando Bloom. Then he wishes you a nice day and speeds off to a crime.
Exactly. I'm talkin' housewife in gym clothes at Starbucks goin', "Which of you lanky baristas wants to steal me husband's stupid Corvette and move to Cancun?"
Man I just pictured a corn field full of baristas raisin' their hands as the camera plane swoops over
Admit it day could do more for this counter than any amount of playin' tricks with money.
All some guy standing on his front lawn next to his car and wife and kids and screamin' "I can't pay for ANY OF THIS!" Later than night he blows his brains out in a creek so there won't be a mess
See what you did there? You went negative. Negative don't sell.
Well not everything that everybody has to admit is a wonderful dream
Okay, maybe you can only admit happy things on Admit It day.
People are gonna use Admit It day any damn way they please man I mean look how many people use Christmas as the second date on their headstone
Jesus Christ, Beef. I try to invent a happiness holiday and you got dads layin' in creeks blowin' themselves away on Christmas.
What can I say not everybody was meant for the art department at Hallmark.
What is this "MILF" acronym I'm seeing bandied about in the personals these days?
It stands for "May I Leave Flowers?"
It's like SWM and all that, but it signals that you're a gentleman, you know?
Oh! How wonderful! What an unexpected gem of a term. Thank you, Lie Bot.
De nada.
Thirsty for Romance? Ring the MILF-Man!
How DARE that fucking kid talk to me that way! Does he know how much VOLUME I do?! DOES HE KNOW HOW MUCH VOLUME I DO? NO! NO! HE DOESN'T! 'CAUSE HE'S AN IDIOT! AGH! PIECE OF SHIT MORON!
God DAMMIT! WHO LEFT MY MOTHERFUCKING BEACH BOYS CD ON THE PASSENGER SEAT! THIS SHIT WAS DIGITALLY REMASTERED! I PAID TWENTY-SIX BUCKS FOR THIS FUCKING ALBUM AND NOW IT LOOKS LIKE A MOTHEFUCKING ABALONE!
All RIGHT! A fucking CORN FIELD! I'M GONNA DRIVE ALL OVER THAT FUCKING CORN, BABY! THIS CORN IS YOU, RAY SMUCKLES!
FUCK YOU RAY SMUCKLES AND YOUR FAGGOT FRIENDS WHO...WHO YOU RIDE ON YOUR BIG...FAGGOT...BOAT...WITH...AAGH! WHERE'S...WHERE'S MY MOTHERFUCKING DIOVAN...
OnStar? I'm...I'm havin' a heart attack...I...I swear the fuckin' man upstairs is punchin' my dance card...no...no you listen to me sweetheart...you know how...many of these...fuckers I sell...Oh sweet Christ please God not today
This is it?!
Don't sound so excited, Ray.
Téodor, man, we gotta hit the drawing board!
Alright, look: so the front bench can be lined and made into a cooler....
Okay, hold on...
...GOT to have some kind of sound system...
One sec...
SOON
speakers sense other boats and play out boat's theme song
oar locks hold Ketel One
hidden cooler
strobe bow light
this is actually a tommy gun to kill suckers w/
Holy crap who pressed on my head?!
Dude did you press on my head about fifty seconds ago
Naw, man. I been in here in a while
This page is kind of reflective I can use it to see if the person is coming up again to press me on the head
Alright just sit and cool it they are sure to be back and press on me
God I'm not even able to read a single line I'm so distracted
Wha...man, nobody I know calls me at five thirty!
Thank you for calling Telemarketers Anonymous!
Uh, is Raymo Smu...Smoo...Smookeis there?
Whoah! No last names, friend!
Sir, um, are you the person in charge of choosing your home's long-distance carrier?
Tell me! When you telemarket, do you feel a sense of Shame?
I...I...look, can I call you back when I get home?
Ha ha! I's just kiddin' about all that.
gasp!
Same thing happened to Fauntleroy Brown in '84.
He was another BOC who came to the fight without qualifyin' or ever having much to do with his fist in general.
First confrontation on the Acres he stuck his fist right through Fast Eddie Brandt's ribcage and pulled out his heart.
Fauntleroy lost his lunch but then went into a three day Dutch fugue. Maimed or killed 586 men but was insane the rest of his days.
I...I don't like this, Beef! I gotta get outta here! What if I fugue? I'm not cool with this, man! I didn't think it'd be like this! Help me out, Beef! Help me, man! Help! HELP!
You didn't kill that guy Ray. That was Cody Travis and he has his own private mobile medical unit right over that barbed wire. Cosmetic surgeons and everything.
Way way wait...Cody Travis, that country dode who sells CDs' to Kmart people?
He fights every year.
Might be unpleasant to watch him eat heavily sauced pastas for a while but he'll be back in the studio in a month. Probably do a Christian thing.
He's not dead...he's not dead...I...we brawled...he's fine, he ha stuff for his album....
He came over here as a stunt to impress the massive following he gets every year.
Now that you've kicked the ass of the only other army leader it looks like you're dining alone tommorrow.
It's turkey and brandy at noon and plenty of time to rest up for day three. Nice work
Now how about we catch with the rest of the guys at the Tenmen. Get your mind off things.
I...damn, Beef! I can't beleive you're missing a Tenman show! Let's get us some whiskeys and unwind!
You know, I used to know a guy who AIDS once.
Fuck, man! I just crashed the car!
Are you sure
We'd better run, that was pretty loud.
Oh well!
Listen, it's only about ten blocks back to my place. We should play a game while we walk!
Maybe you should tell us more of those good jokes you that know
Alright!
Well, one afternoon about seven months ago, this gay Taliban lawyer walks into a bar with a talking parrot on his shoulder.
The Taliban bartender is like, "Man! I just have got to know what that's all about! I mean, the bird thing!"
Oh neat, fifty bucks!
Anyhow, the lawyer looks at him pretty mean, because in their religion it's, like, super rude to be nosy
About twelve and a half minutes later, the lawyer persuades the owner of the building to fire the imperfect bartender.
I think that at the end of the joke the bartender's life is screwed up pretty bad. He doesn't have a lot of options.
Well, Ray, the MRI didn't turn up anything. I'd like to do one last test, a video colonoscopy.
Anything, doc. Whatever you think is necessary.
So you know, we're evaluating a new piece of equipment - the Sanryobuki RemoteMed "Trio." It examines three patients at once and is guided by a doctor in Japan.
I got to have this with two other dudes at the same time?
It's not cost-effective to operate it with any vacancies. I hope you don't mind.
SOON.
Holy crap! Cornelius? Lyle? What are you guys doin' in here waitin' for video colonoscopies?
Precisely that! Lyle let me treat him to an exam - one must look after one's prostate, after all!
I'm gettin' up there in years.
HUFF
PUFF
PIFF
Ray! Ray! Wait! I found out! It wasn't your Magreaux dog! It was a fake!
Téodor? What are you talkin' about? This ain't funny, dude.
After you left, I followed the dog! It ran a few blocks and jumped into a big red Bentley with the license plate CAVIAR!
Bensington Butters!
Yeah! Yeah! He even called the dog The Talented Mr. Smuckles! He and his posse were laughing their asses off!
That son of a bitch set this whole thing up?!
So long, fellows. No colonoscopy for me today. I got business to attend to.
Ray? I can't start the machine without three men. The Japanese.
It's your lucky day, T!
Téodor! I say, good show! It's never too early to consider one's prostate.
MINUTES LATER.
I'm sorry - Lyle, is it? - The Japanese technician wants to know if you've done any...I think he's saying...acting?
Alright I must quickly consult with Zell and Cory to se if they did come across Philippe. You both wait here.
Why can't we come with you? Emeril? I-hey! Whats the deal?
Oh dogg you do not want to meet Zell and Cory.
Are they huge jerks or something? What's up?
No man remember when the Lakeshore flophouse burned down back in '02?
Yeah. They did it? They're hiding out down here?
No man they got fourth-degree burns all over their bodies.
Fourth degree...is that the bad one or the good one? Is first degree the worst?
No dude uh with fourth-degree burns your're considered unlucky if you live. These guys make Freddy Krueger look like Carmen Electra.
And Emeril thinks Philippe saw them?! He's never gonna sleep again! If we even find him!
They live in an abandoned railway tunnel and only leave on moonless nights don't worry.
Zell does confirm Philippe was headed for the transfer station we must hurry.
I AM THE SHERIFF OF THE DUMP! TELL ME WHERE THE OLD COUCHES GO!
So...uh...what you guys been up to?
Why you wearin' a filthy suit made of newspapers Ray
And why is there a small amount of carro tin your ear
Oh! Ha ha! An amount of carrot in my ear!
Let me just remove that.
You smell like six asses. What happened to you?
Also mention something about the carrot
Nothing! Let's go have some McDon--OH MY GOD THE PAIN
It's like someone stuffed Alka-Seltzer between my brain cheeks!
Well if it isn't my old friend the Hangover Ham
Nice to see you again H
Do you need emergency Denny's muchacho or are you just gonna whine this one out?
Beef! You're merciless!
Being Ray's best friend is like watching a never-ending film loop of a kid riding his bike into a telephone pole
Let me have my fun
I paid my taxes
Somehow I paid more in taxes than actual functional people with marginal careers pay for a used Saturn
Yet the taxes I paid
will not even cover one-tenth of the installment costs of a new
city storm drain
or one week of the cost of employing a restaurant sanitation inspector
or one full set of in-flight dinners on Air Force One
Man I ain't stupid I know they ain't gonna give the President a Lean Pocket cut on the bias with extra marinara and ranch in two plastic cups
I ain't begrudge him his falutin' at all the dude does more in one day than I will ever know can be done
But FDR served the King of England hot dogs and beer and you can look that up
That came from hard-ass personal qualities but also the fact that America was at the ATM with less than $20 in checking and needed to pay for world War II
Maybe hot dogs and beer is our way outta this economic mess
The meat so cheap and the beer so well-priced
The condiment pumps spray mustard gas !
OHHHHHHH SHIIIIIIIIIIIT!
Everyone in the Edison family was gifted with invention! Thomas had the most marketable sense of it, though.
America was ready for him. America hated crapping in the dark. America hated waiting for a haircut just to hear the latest songs. They didn't need cuspidors with low self esteem. I fled to Mexico to continue my work away from public scrutiny.
See, Lonis, the way you doin' it's all wrong. With a product like yours, it's all about the marketing.
Right now you just springin' this stuff of people willy-nilly. How you gonna build a brand like that?
You're an interesting fellow, Smuckles. You have the round thighs of a laugher, but your mind is calculating. I have an idea for a product that will serve as a gentle reintroduction of my work to the American public. In its current form this product is ubiquitous, in every restaurant and every home.
I'm talking about ketchup. But not just a seasoned tomato purée. That aspect doesn't interest me.
Alright so these are the dudes you're gonna take down on day one
Huh? You got a list?
Each one has a strong rep but an exploitable weakness that ain't been publicly identified yet
First up while you're fresh we're gonna take down Perfect Ron Sipes
Sipes...Sipes...sounds kinda familiar.
Fell 2997th last year
He's a powerhouse and this will cement your rep from the get-go
Okay then! How do I beat this dude's ass like a bongo drum?
It turns out Ron's wife has extreme problems with credit card debt
It causes great stress and his trapezius muscles are knotted all to hell
You ran the dude's credit?
You can see it in last year's tapes once you know what to look for
OK. So I start to give him a backrub, but then I surprise him by kicking his ass. Right.
No you give him a stiff jab at the nerve center here and his whole back will freeze up like iron
Dude will plead and cry for the medics to take him away
Instant D/Q
Right. Where we go from there?
This next beatdown will show that you have a cruel sense of humor
Sound and Motion is one of those new-age experimental technique guys from Santa Cruz
They always get in 'cause no else in their region tries to qualify
So what's his whole thing?
Recumbent Tai-Chi
You'll know what to do
...AND SO ON INTO THE NIGHT DID THE TWO FRIENDS CONTEMPLATE THE DAY THAT LAY BEFORE THEM..THE FIRST DAY OF...
Ahhhh....nothing like Brubeck to remind you that not everyone on earth is a huge, steaming pile of shit...
Dude... DUDE! LYLE!
WHY ARE YOU POURING ALL MY VINEGAR INTO THAT BOWL?!
Sorry, hoss. Time for my man-douche.
Pat, did yyyyyou steal my laundry?
I refuse to answer that question, Ray.
Sayyy it, Pat! You just wanted to smell my dirty laundry, didn't yyyou?
You are unforgivable, Ray.
Are you drunk again?
Y--yes. Yes I am.
Roast Beef, did yyyou steal my laundry?
Uh no Ray No I don't believe so
No, Pat already left. Why?
Pat already took?
Man, he was supposed to give me back my damned Wayans Brothers cookbook!
I was gonna use a recipe from it tomorow!
They have this way of shaping a fried egg to look like a top hat, dammit!
Téodor, come with me, man. We gonna storm the roost.
I'm not going to Pat's. Last time I was there I lost my diet root beer cherry.
Look, man.
I ain't goin' there alone, because I don't want to, and you're tight with that Nice Pete creep he keeps around.
No one's tight with Nice Pete. He'd murder dead things if science would let him.
So, basically, it's good that you're coming with me. I'll go fire up the Escalade.
Oh, and we ain't listenin' to The Cure on the way, either. I need to be pumped.
A bunch of limeys who want to be sad girls ain't gonna cut it.
"Sugar Loadzz?" We're listening to a rap band called "Sugar Loadzz?" Do you just roll tape whenever some slouch in a sideways ballcap shows up?
Hold on, man. They're about to do a hilarious bit where they compare their junk to dog food.
Let's just have a look-see at what's on this floppy, shall we Nolan?
I tell you, my name is Cornelius! You are making a grave error!
Boys, check Nolan's files for an AKA Cornelius.
Because of what I expect we'll find on this disk, Nolan, I have to open it on a special, remote "virtual" computer at the FBI. Just so that no one thinks we have kiddie porn on our own local machines.
Hey Cornelius! You around?
Huh, his special Victorian tinnitus cap is missing! He never takes that thing down.
His car's out too...and I didn't see that new laptop on his desk...
Hey T! What's the hap-haps, man m' man?
Oh, and dude! You should have seen Connie earlier! Sayin' he was in some big hurry, all dressed in black, talkin' wistful about basic stuff like sounds...
Old age...tinnitus...all black...car's gone...brought his laptop for a goodbye note...
Ray! I think he's finally doing it! I think he's gone to the woods to let nature run its course!
You guys do that too? I thought it was just old cats!
No one needs to do that with modern medicine! We have to go find him! What if he's sitting demented in a creek?
Right, right.
Look, he started to dig his own grave but he got so demented he must have wandered off!
His computer's in the car. Let's check it for a note.
GREEKS? PAH. THE BRITISH INVENTED HOMELESSNESS. NOT PROUD 'A THAT ONE, BUT WHEN YOU'RE BUSY CREATIN' THE MODERN WORLD, SOME THINGS ARE BOUND TO GET COCKED UP.
Alright, guys! How's that compositin' goin'? You able to make some pretty hot scenes outta all that Rod footage?
It's terrible. We don't have any idea what we're doing, and I don't think it would matter if we did.
We got no chops on this device
Baloney! Show me show me.
Huh. You got any other frames I can see?
Maybe some of our early experiments...
"Cherub Standoff at the Gargoyle Corral..."
"The Chinese Acrobats..."
"No, Father. The Family Business Dies With You. I am a Yale man now..."
Huh. Yeah. This ain't goin' too good. Maybe we got to talk about things.
So, like I was sayin'! When you gonna drop the ring on Molly, Beef?
Dogg you only want a wedding so you can gruffle a kilogram of bacon-wrapped shrimp
This is him! This is my guy! That's why he's my guy!
I...zzz...Téodor...snif...beddy-bye...
Hello? Hello? Who is this? "Flod"?
Is Vlad, baby. We are connectink, no? You haf such sexy voice.
Flod, this is Philippe's mother. Is he there?
A woman's voice, is such rarest flower. But I pick it. Vlad picks, petal from petal, until you are nudest you are ever being.
Until you are so nude.
That were bloody marvelous, mate! We's chuffed to see Stubb's own take Perfect Ron down so lovely-like!
We's chuffed, we is!
Who the hell are you two!
'E's Feckless Ted Cobb,
An' this one's Barry King!
This is Ted's first go at the American Fight,
And the organisers let Barry in 'cause his blog's so bleedin' hilarious!
Well, you're both gonna be bloggin' this Fight through a tube in your face if you don't get me Sound and Motion.
An honor, sir! Li'l gormy chap, yeah?
Easy peasy, mate! I know this one!
Beef, why do I get a feelin' that our army's made up of ex-kids who were always picked last for kickball?
Can you think of anyone who has a more gigantic and deep-seated fury at the world
Huh. Good point.
You...you did all this for me Ray?
That's right, Beef! And after we have some drinks we all goin' out for pepperoni pizza!
Man I would love a pepperoni pizza All hot and crispy as the Dickens
I...I don't hardly know what to say
Don't say nothin'! Just have a drink on your old friend Ray!
Man, what is goin' on with Roast Beef? I ain't never seen him put it away like this!
Téodor! What's his tab lookin' like?
He's gone completely 'round the bend, Ray.
I always did what I was supposed to
got a EDUCATION
taught myself COMPUTER SCIENCE
IT'S ALL JUST SHIT!
Johnny Cash traded his knuckles in for dirt exactly a year ago dogg can you believe it
Yeah I tried to do a thing or two
Well like I was gonna wear all black but all I could find was a black hacky-sack so I kicked that around for a little while
It landed in this empty cup of rum
Heh no I was not able to kill a man in Reno just to watch him die
Stuff like that is so difficult to orchestrate since the 70s
Yeah I guess that would be a good Nevada state execution program
I could see Japanese businessmen paying millions to spray third-strikers with lead
Heh yeah
This Mile of Highway Sponsored by Darren Getting His Guts Shot Out by Honorable Representative of Tayaguchi Corporation
Darren stole three Ho-Ho's, a flashlight, then failed to pay a parking ticket
Dude so like listen uh I got plans tomorrow so can you use a ticket to Cartilage Head
Damn. Cartilage Head, huh. I really wasn't ready for that this week.
I know but serious you can't get these tickets open-market
I know.
Jeez, man. Alright. Yeah. Yeah, I'll take it. Shit, dude.
So how's it goin', Pat? You scorin' much dude-pussy these days?
What did I tell you, Ray! Off limits.
Hey, man. You got to get used to this. When guys hang, they talk about sex. You know that.
Well, what about you, then. Did you have a bunch of sex and hoot and holler and point one finger in the air?
Naw, man. I been hella klondike lately! Sheesh. Even in my fantasies I just go to the library and read about coins. Somethin's got to give, man. I got to go to a nudist colony or somethin', just like run at people and see what happens. See if it winds up as sex. That's basically the only option I got left.
I tried lookin' on-line, I called a matchmakin' service, I had a voodoo guy rub a Ken and Barbie together… nothin'.
If things don't turn around, I'm gonna get a sex change and a time machine and give myself the kind of science fiction romp that Donald Trump only dares to dream about!
53PM: The deodorant wasn't for me. I was going to wipe it on Lyle's pants. I just got confused.
Nooo!
The 49ers
Watch how Philippe opens his mouth. It's kind of gross.
Okey doke.
Hey Philippe, open your mouth.
Okay Téodor
Th- This flower is going to die in the winter, Mr. Bear?
Yes, the first frost usually takes these, Philippe. We'll plant new ones in the Spring.
Is... is there any way to save it?
I'm afraid not... It's a rather cruel system, isn't it?
There we go 8... 7... 6... 5...
Loaded gun
hidden in a corn cob
baby carrot is the trigger
The bone pulls out of the drumstick
to reveal a blade hidden in the meat;
the bone is the handle.
The hamburger has a microchip -
The bun flips up: a tiny screen, a keyboard!
OOOOOOOHHHHHHH SSSSHHHIIIIITTTTT!
What was with the Madame Tussaud's van out front?
They were droppin' off my new Damon and Affleck!
You bought wax figures of Matt Damon and Ben Affleck?
Those guys are friends, man. Those guys are straight-up friends.
What are you going to do with them?
I was thinkin' of settin' up a little indoor basketball court and posing them on it.
You know, Ben would have the ball, but he'd be passing it to Matt... both totally smiling...
Alright, well, we're live in five minutes. You ready, Todd?
I g-g-got like any frikkin' guests or somethin'? M-M-Musical act an' shit?
No, looks like you're ad-libbing the whole hour. Ray pretty much bailed on this whole thing.
Y-Y-You gotta help me, T! I ain't had a bump in half a day! I got the shakes, man!
Alright, well...I'll do impressions. You call them out. I'll get the tripod.
...AND WE'RE LIVE!
Okay, now T's gonna do an impression 'a...Salma Hayek! Salma Frikkin' Hayek, everybody!
GOOOOOD...
TIIIIIIITS!
Phillippe man you lookin' tight How'd you get that troublesome weight off
Thank you Roast Beef!
I just exercised and ate healthy!
How's about we go get us a coupla' subs down at Subway My Treat
Oh, I don't know... That's how I got so big in the first place!
Come on dogg 7 under 6 it is my treat You can even wear your rollerskates!
Oh boy!
Did you really think I wouldn't figure it out?! HUH? You BITCH?
Hey man, what time is he gonna let us in?
I don't know man, he said 8:00 and it's, like, 8:15 probably.
Some party, Téodor!
I call any bottle that has a handle.
You think I'm joking? I'm not! I want a huge amount to drink.
I am wearing some delicious cologne. Let's get inside, already!
I learned five jokes!
i even washed my butt
WHY ARE YOU WHISPERING
Téodor! Open up! I can't feel my sack!
Ahem! Gentlemen! If I may!
Well I'll be! Says here that George Clooney is learnin' Coptic!
Daaamn!
Hello, CafePress? I need to have a shirt made. I want it to be white and say certain information about George Clooney--
Oh, use your website? Yeah, I'll just use your website. Nice.
Dang man since when you all into the hipster t-shirt craze
Hipster? What? Why'd you say that?
It is considered extremely correct if a kid 14-23 has nonsense on his t-shirt.
Oh. Well, this ain't that. It's just what's goin' on with me.
They got this website "CafePress" makes it easy to put your notions on a shirt.
Dang man so like you could blog directly on a Hanes?
Heh! Probably not, but maybe?
23 PM Septe..
Yes, this is Mr. Smuckles. I understand there's been a disturbance in my home?
Ah-ha, I see. But no trace of vandalism?
Very good. Well, you may dismiss your guard. I'll be home shortly.
No, thank YOU Carrie!!
So let me get this straight:
You tried to watch a movie in my home theater and ended up setting off the alarm?
Yeah man we were just trying to have a nice time you know
Watch Braveheart and get a little puzzled on some brew
Next thing you know we're stuck in that dumbwaiter and makin' number two in Ziploc sandwich bags
It was a pretty rough scene
You guys been packin' Hot Lunches in my elevator?!
Well what would you have us do Ray
Hold it for two weeks like at Boy Scout Camp and then need surgery
I AIN'T goin' through that again
Look, Beef! I made everything just like Cheers!
Téodor is like Sam, all cool and smooth...
What'll it be, Beef?
Mr. Bear is like Frasier - I know how you like Frasier!
Hee! Hee!
Delightful to see you again, Beef!
Say now, is that Todd? NO! It is not Todd! It is Carla!
I gotta get an abortion but I missed the bus! How's about you just hit me with that folding chair, handsome?
oh my goodness!
And oh! Who's this?! Why, it's Woody!
Hiya Mr. Beef!
Oh, hee hee hee!
Woah, you guys buy your tortilla chips at the damn store? What kind of candy assed taqueria is this, anyway?
Chupa mi pene, cabron.
You need to raise money for a trip to the "gubberment"? Is that some sort of cool "vibbeo gabe" palace? Go get pegged in a room, supper chunks.
Dammit, Beef! Don't stay up all night watching clips of airshow disasters or you're going to have a panic attack and I'M going to have to drive us to yout uncle's stupid birthday tomorrow!
Up yours wife
I... I'm out on a run! Don't call me while I'm exercising to tell me my loan application's been declined, you shitty little work-in-a-room shirt and car man!
YOU IMBECILES! MAY LUCIFER BRAND YOUR FOREHEADS WITH AN APOSTROPHE IN HADES!
THE NEXT MORNING.
...damn man what in the hell what in the...
...daaaaamn...
I Proved Myself A Coward Who Would Desert A Dying Man
Fly theme this year, Smuckles. Who you supposed to be?
I...I'm Mickey Mouse, man!
Oh yeah! "Mick." Love that dude. LOVE that dude.
Man, Bensington Butters doesn't know who Mickey Mouse is! What in the hell?!
Hi mom! It's Ben. I just wanted to make sure you put out fresh water for Scooby and Scrappy after dinner. Okay, thanks mom.
Hello I was wondering as to the price of a big old vagina?
Never do they answer my questions with anything relevent
Oh yeah, can't wait to piss onto this toaster
yummmmmmm-yyyyy
whoo boy
Whoah dogg is a teacher here
What? Oh, no man! I got this on eBay!
How come
This was Trent Reznor's high school car! If you sit in it, you are guaranteed to feel total despair!
Huh well let's just see about that shall we
I'm not so sure you're the kind of -- Beef! Wait!
"She checks out OK"
I want to go to Disneylaaand! I think I have to go to Disneylaaaaaaand!
I think I'm at that special aaaaage!
Awww yeah who became Groucho Marx in the bathroom just now
You finally doin' it, man! You finally doin' it!
He SAID he was gonna do it!
My life is special!
Children are special!
Hey, guys! What's goin' on?
Oh uh we celebratin' that Ray finally graduated from ass man to breast man
Seriously? I was startin' to wonder about you, you chowderhead!
Are... are ALL my dudes breast men?
Here, let me order you a Breast Man. They make a really good one here.
You... we even got a drink? Ass men don't got no drink!
Bartender! Three Breast Men, if you please!
Password?
"entropy9."
Man, our drink has a PASSWORD? That is JAMES BOND IN A TOWEL! What other perks breast men get?
Discounts on candy
There ain't no secret menu.
Hee I brought my copy 'cause I knew you wouldn't believe me
You the peckerwood pretendin' he's the son of Rodney Stubbs?
That depends! Are you the Guaranteed Honky-Tonk Style Blowjob I ordered from Room Service just now?
You's a coward, and a liar, and I knowed it since I seen ya.
Oh, and I'll be takin' that little gang of yours with me. Give 'em a chance at fightin' under a real man.
Hey Ray, do you hve any-- what's with the big outfit?
Oh! Téodor! I'm, well, I'm playin' a little on-line strip poker. Go downstairs and I'll be along in a bit!
Wow, webcams and everything!
Hey, all the other players are guys too.
Yeah, I didn't think it was gonna be like this. We're mostly just chattin'.
The one on top left is Matt. His dad is sick. That's Buck, he's a Black & Decker rep from Dallas. His mom got hit pretty hard with MS.
The guy with the jester hat on is Tom B. His kid has cerebral palsy. He's pretty sure it's his fault.
Who's the guy in the Victorian diving apparatus?
He won't say anything. Once in a while he puts a gun to his head.
Can you smoke weed in Heaven, Blister?
SURE IF THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE IN TO
God don't mind?
HE TOKES BUT THAT'S NOT LIKE HIS THING OR ANYTHING
He does?!
THINK ABOUT IT TODD WHO'S GOING TO YELL AT HIM
Huh! I never thought of it that way!
ONE TIME HE ORDERED ALL THESE SIX FOOT SANDWICHES BUT CRASHED BEFORE THE GUY SHOWED UP
IT WAS CLASSIC
You have reached the home of Pat Reynolds. I AM screening your call. Please state your reason for calling and then remain on the line while I evaluate your statement.
If I do not pick up, either I do not consider your call meritorious or I am away from the phone.
Hello
Yoga for Vegans
Well, Roast Beef! I guess now that you got the Internet in your brain it will be real easy to take out a Personals ad!
Oh really no Ray I couldn't imagine
Hey man! They' some freaky chicks on that Internet! Just start composin' and let's see how it goes!
Sheesh uh okay
Uh...uh...yes hello ladies My name is Roast Beef I am interested in new ideas
Good, good! Let 'em know you a kinky dogg!
I would ideally like to meet a lady with a strong Java/C++ background but maybe PHP is your thing !
You ain't gonna get no ladies with all that high-end mumbo-jumbo! Take it down a few!
Uh if you only know HTML that's alright too Maybe there is still somethin' we could talk about
like how you let your family down
//hell yes
The manic font-changes serve as ocular holds on a climbing wall for the attention-deficient... The pictures mitigate the perceived chore of decoding language...
Whoah. Haven't you ever seen a Dummies book before?
They are typically yellow and near the dried meats, yes?
Yeah, but they're not for that stupid of a guy. That's, like, guys-who-know-what-brand-of-tires-they-have trashy.
We are talking about a book which attempts to codify the nightclub behavior of men who refer to the woman's child-bearing mechanism as the "squish mitten". I shall finish in peace, then?
Then.
Never how a fool half a job.
An-an-an if I do say so myself, smoke Tall Hot Brutes, the cig wit' data
Oh my god they doin' it up hell of SNL style from the DAY!
Now, T-bag do me an impersonation 'a ... 'a... Martha Stewart inna frikkin' shower!
SOOOO GOOOOD
SUUUUCH A PRIVATE PLAAACE
AAAAAAAAAA!
Sweet! Now do Jack frickin' Nicholson!
Heh. Now, you know now, as an old man I got first right 'a refual for all 'a your popular
But I like these guys, these kids from the O.C., these "Social...Distortion" guys. You can
ERMF!
You can tel they're THIS CLOSE to cashin' it ALL IN for another RIP on the PIPE, son!
AAAUGH!
Hey Cornelius! You back yet? I need to look through your cookbooks for something! Hello? HelloHello?
Huh, a little section of cookbooks by celebrity wives...
An original eighteenth century cookbook by George Washington's wife! No way!
A new study shows that drinking diet soda may actually CAUSE weight gain!
Environmental scientists in Dallas say hybrids actually pollute MORE than the average SUV!
Like watching baseball? Strikeout! Sedentary lifestyles are "batting a thousand" as America's quiet killer.
Turns out FRUIT'S to blame for all those wrinkles!
Want a car? Here's why it's the WORST decision you'll ever make! Dan Kuramoto explains.
School's a must, say experts, but daily attendance MAY expose your child to the toxin load of a West Virginia coal miner!
The North Toronto "egg-in-your-ear" night beetle has reached California!
THIS local restaurant worker sprouted three-inch papillae from his tongue! Experts suggest the municipal water supply may harbor some answers.
It's "Star Wars" right here at home! Or, at least, THIS animal was hit by a car. Labrador owners may wish to leave the room.
Wait, hold on. He knows for sure the exact day and time he's gonna die?
I am certain he has astoundingly vivid premonitions of the date, time, quality of light, and prevailing wind. Everything save the commemorative plastic cup and game piece.
Daaamn.
Clipped obituaries have flitted past his eyes. He has wept as grainy footage of pigtailed progeny yet unborn lapped at the backs of his pupils. The scent of spade-work lingers in his olfactory bulbs. He knows his own punchline, and that ruins the joke.
Damn. After that Magreaux dog stunt of his, I ain't so sure I feel too bad about this.
But...still. It ain't like a Smuckles to leave a player this way. I bet Lonis can wiggle his rocks around and tidy this up.
Listen, Edison. Why ain't we redoctor this ketchup so it erases those memories...and instead, maybe, he develops an amazing career as a shirtless Irish jump-dancer?
Zounds! A challenge!
Goodbye, Butters. See you in the dreams of chubby female real estate agents who have had menopause.
Téodor! Nice work with Todd's head exploding!
Viacom's been bustin' down my door tryin' to buy the rights to that footage, dude.
Huh? Oh, some pilot called America's Most Harmed Animals.
They wanna pair it up with this footage of a dog who barfs out a lotta candy near a CEO.
Actually, I can't say what the CEO does. I'm under an NDA. That's the only way they'd show it to me.
Well, let's just say that the dude was under a lotta stress, and probably not a good guy to begin with.
Ouch is right, only the dog never got a chance to say that. Come over and have some Brie cheese, man.
Look, you just start clicking around. That's how the internet works.
Like this?
Yeah.
What does this do?
That's the browser's "History" folder.
What do you do with the History folder?
Delete it vigilantly.
Hi everybody, I-I-I'm Todd the Squirrel. This is a song I wrote called It's Not Awesome When Friends Die.
Eatin' some old cigarettes,
There are many ways to go
I'll see you at the crossroads, Skamper.
Vlad, I've got to pop out for a bit .Would you mind transcribing a few racy adult videos for the SPICE Channel's closed-captioning? My shift isn't over for another hour.
Is for serious? Oh, you are havink a deal, mister! Vlad born to do this job!
Soon.
Dear Viewer: The chick is at the door. Is not the best chick, more of a pitesh korabka from Yugeb, if you are followink me. But the show must go on. What next.
Ahhh. Enjoyable. Findink groove.
The guy he looks at her. They are goink to do a miracle with their body parts, you bet. But first, we must ready our selfs for a good longk make out.
Wonderful.
Hold it! How quickly they are gettink to the miracle! Where are the make-outs? It does not, it CAN not work this way!
VIEWER! ATTENTION! What you are seeink is LIE! A lady is needink up to ten minutes of make-outs before the miracle! SPICE CHANNEL: I QUIT YOUR NONSENSE! -- CORNELIUS BEAR. PS: I SPIT ON YOUR MONEY.
How are things with Gramma K?
Oh uh I moved out on that nasty old claw and I ain't been back
Wow! Who's been taking care of her?
I left the government's number by the phone
Whew. I guess you went through kind of a rough patch?
Well uh after you left I kind of saw my circumstances for what they really were
A dude with a Tron pillow whose girlfriend left him because he refused to move outta his absusive gramma's trailer
I never wanted you to be Lenny Kravitz, Beef.
I guess I didn't call 'cause I lumped you in with that horrible period and all my shame at it
I understand. Thank you for being honest.
Man this is weird
Damn. Like only one cup of milk left in this bad boy, and I need to make room on the door for the new bloody mary mix.
Maybe...maybe pour it into a glass. Wait. Maybe...drink it!
Straight-up drink a glass of milk!
Holy hell, that is so old school!
Hold on, wait. I got to do this right.
Since when are you in West Side Story, Ray?
Hey, Téodor! Good to see you, despite the comment!
Seriously, what are you up to?
What's it look like, Daddy-O?
It looks like you're about to get a haircut and a one-way ticket to the Gulf of Tonkin, I guess.
If you're tryin' to be funny, maybe use a little less Vietnam. Old stand-up trick.
Then answer me!
I'm sittin' on the damn stoop! You're the one who turned it into a war and a musical!
I better go back inside before Miramax casts Michael Flatley to play me in the movie!
Can you please open the door a little wider, sir?
I...I'm terribly deformed. Please just leave it on the doormat.
Yes sir. That'll be $13.27.
Here you go. Say, is your car an automatic?
Yes, why?
'Cause that's all we drive, chump!
Arrrhh! Me hates ye!
Hey, man. Cuppa joe?
Y-Yes, please. And... and I'll take advantage of the upgrade, please.
In fact... would you upgrade it... forty-seven times?
Sure thing, pal.
SOON.
Ooh la LA!
Ooh la LA LA LA LA!
Alright, that's forty-seven.
FIFTY! MAKE IT FIFTY! I BEG OF YOU!
I'm gonna have to see the cash up front.
Here! And, another fifty if you put it IN the coffee!
Oooh la LAAA! La LA LA LA LA!
This is KWDA talk radio, caller you're on the air!
I just want to say that America is a sham! It's nothing more than a system of financial penalties!
Hey, that's Pat again!
Get dinged on your tax return, caller?
No, stupid! A parking ticket!
Apparently you can't park at a broken meter! A BROKEN METER THAT MY TAX DOLLARS PAID FOR!
Where is this broken meter, caller? Maybe we can help get the word out.
It's right out in front of 715 Lomax! God DAMN it! DAMMIT!
715 Lomax...that's where he goes to Support Group!
Paaa-at! Remember what Mr. Gary says!
Screw you, Arthur! Go sit on a canary! You know you'd be good at it!
Is that your absolutely gross way of finally admitting that you know I'm gay, Pat? Well, screw YOU! I don't need this! I have dignity.
Yeah? How much dignity did you have last week when you smoked Mr. Gary's pole over behind the basketball equipment?!
THAT WAS AN ACT OF LOVE YOU SON OF A BITCH! YOU'LL NEVER KNOW ANYTHING SO BEAUTIFUL!
What? Why did you call me in here?
Pat you know I have aspirations as a writer
... and that as such my road is often... "fraught" ...with proverty.
SOON.
Pat! 'Sup, legally gay person?
He wants to write my biography? Why, 'cause he's broke and I'm loaded?
That hick.
Yeah, I guess I don't really have a choice. Sure, five hundo. Let me know when he wants to start takin' notes. Jesus. Thanks a lot, Pat.
THURSDAY, May 15: Ray awoke and ran the shower for ninety-five minutes, either to disguise the tainted miracle of digestion, or some clever personal satisfaction, or both.
Once dry, he left a message for a critic who had thought low of his label's latest record...
Sizz-Ell Readyness 'n' Khryme Kube is the best thing anybody will ever hear in their LIFE, so SIT ON IT AND SCISSOR KICK, WOMAN!
He then drank a false* soda and ordered a "Gentlemen's Sopressata Platter" from a delivery service specializing in the pleasures of gentry.
Make it a large. My biographer's here.
*diet
Okay Ray now let us touch on the subject of your childhood
Was it a good time of sun-gilded fields and friendships gone well
Or were there days so dark that your memory stands in with its own protective inventions
Oh, mostly that first one, I guess.
Mm hmm...and even further back now
The vile reek of your birth: was it more like a hot fresh liver left in a car on a summer's day, or was it tinged with your mother's super-heated tripe
Why are you drinking at work Ray
What about your productivity
I'm knockin' off a little early today. How's your stuff comin'?
The new Hashbrowns module is almost done
Maybe now I should write a module that controls your drinking
Are you trying to be funny with me?
Do you think that it is rad to have alcoholism Ray
Jesus, Ray. You've been pacing since you came into the kitchen. What's eating you?
It's Envelope, dogg. Guy across the street. He parked on his damn lawn again.
Yeah, alright, I'll give that it's a little tacky, but-
A LITTLE tacky?! Not replacin' the empty toilet paper roll is a LITTLE tacky.
...no, that's a lot tacky. Belt not matchin' shoes, now that's a LITTLE... no, that's real tacky as well. Movin' your fork between hands just to take a bite... no... unbearable...
Why don't you make an ultra-tacky lawn installation of your own, to show him how bad it looks?
Damn, T! You onto somethin' with that!
SOON.
Okay, so we'll put an antique gas oven by the birch tree, and the Sylvia Plath mannequin that we have on all fours on that little train track system will roll forward and stick her head in it on the hour.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
Then Rin Tin Tin will pull her out, and the animatronic Tintin will put a medal around his neck.
That starts the Marseillaise, right? And where do the anti-abortion protestors with the bloody fetus posters go?
Äã"Š
Excuse me?
Herro! FeeReep Prrease!
Philippe! Phone!
Oh boy!
Hello, this is Philippe! I am delighted to talk to you!
FeeReep! I rrrearn Engrish!
Is... is that you?
Is Urrtra Peanut!
Ultra Peanut! So that was your name! You know, I felt kind of rude that I never --
Yes! OK! I come to visit tomorrow OK bye bye FeeReep!
Oh Boy! She's coming back!
Oh my gosh! what about Petunia and the baby?
I'll be a two-timer! I'll go to hell!
Roast Beef! Look! I'm a bumble-bee!
Oh awesome that is so radical Philippe
Here is a whole-size Snickers bar
MAY YOUR HALLOWEEN BE AS STUPID AS MY LIFE IS
GOODNIGHT
Chris >:(
Look at all the costumes!
A ghost, an army man.. hey! That one looks like an otter!
!
Trick or treat!
HOLY CHRIST IS THAT AN ALIVE STUFFED ANIMAL
Get back here!
I'm serious this time, Beef! I ain't gonna be able to pee unless you look right in my eyes!
Oh hee man stop it you always pullin' this shenanigan
Not this time, man! If you don't look into my eyes, the urine's gonna rise up into my heart and over-heat it and kill me!
Okay fine but only for like a second so you got to be ready
Thanks, man. Okay... GO!
Hee hee man how you always do that just all DRIP!
I saw a smile! Somebody smiled!
So how you doin', Beef? You still into Internet?
Still pretty into that yeah
Oh! DUDE--does the world have a website?!
Uh Google I guess.
No, man! A Web page! "The World's Website"! Let's make!
Think how many ads we can sell! No one thinks about Europe, man!
Uh okay I'll make one later and you can give me your feedback.
Fuck yeah, man. Excellent. I'll check that out.
Let's go to a nude beach, man! I'm serious!
ZZZZZZZZ
Hey, you know what would be a funny idea you could do on the Internet?
A web page that translates other web pages into British!
It could add the word "mate" to the end of every sentence!
Man that was like the second thing Tim Berners-Lee did.
I been pretty busy man. Hard to keep caught up with everything.
It'll all just be TiVo pretty soon, you know.
...Camel-fuckers!
If I had a Hummer, I'd call it the Slut Wagon! Heh heh!
Whose Frenchie fart water?! You keep this around for your bitch?
I... have no complaints.
\> just tha chicken n-n-broccoli one.
\> let's use it ta catch a cow or somethin'!
\> whoah, man! Are you c-c-cryin'?!
\> are... are ya sad 'cause ya ain't never gonna bag 'er?
\> whatever, pal. whatever y-y-you say.
\> whatever, guys.
\> great. good story.
\> go back inside fortress
\> then pick yer frikkin' clothes up, shlobbo! I ain't yer frikkin' maid!
\> I'd have ta step on yer jacket again to get out, Einstein.
\> north
\> I ain't gonna lie to ya, pal. I been usin' it for shitwipes.
\> just the frikkin' subscription cards, man! chill the hell out!
\> so, like, can I ask ya somethin'?
\> yer always stickin' up for this guy. ain't it piss ya off?
\> come on, dude. that thing with him gettin' tha sniffles yesterday 'cause he wouldn't wear mittens?
\> W-W-What's yer name?
Spatchcock?
Oh! "Butterflying." I can butterfly as well as anyone. I...I must have been a little out of date on the terminology.
You sure you can handle this barbecue? We have forty-five vendors comin' from Canada, the UK, and Sweden. That's in addition to the employees.
I can do it. I can definitely do it. Are there any other dishes?
Here.
Cost this out and get me a budget by five. You can call around for prices.
Okay, sounds good. Great.
"DO NOT KILL MY FAMILY," by F. Carleton Nesp. That'd be a funny name for a bad drama. I should call Reader's Digest...
I wonder if I want a hawky WASP-type woman. Really reserved, but it would be "our little secret" that she liked sex... A LOT.
Alright, Téodor. Let's see your budget for the big spatchcock supper.
Oh! I--
Téodor, are you ever... honest with yourself? I mean, about everything.
Beef? It's six AM...what are you doing up?
It's recycling day
Good morning Roast Beef your turkey drumstick is still hot
Oh hell and damn yes give me that thing
Dang did you guys read the DepSan website this morning about all the--
It is said that they are to add Hillbread and Oxford Avenues to this route yes
8257 Drake has gone from Sunny-Valu black olives to Draeger's Gourmet nicoise
The daughter is home from a quarter in Paris
Lipstick on the butts does corroborate the gender assessment
Mom!
Raymond Quentin Smuckles! Stand up straight! Who taught you to stand so crooked? It breaks my heart that you stand so crooked.
Sorry mom! You okay after your trip? You need anything? Rib-eye? Mimosa?
Oh, I didn't come here to be a bother. I just want to see my big baby boy!
We got mimosas, rib-eyes, glasses, plates...anything you want, mom. Really.
Oh, Raymond. Please don't make a fuss.
I'll tell you what. Why don't I double check to make sure I ain't grillin' any rib-eye, and you stand here and test to see if this is a mimosa.
Rib-eye is very nutritious, Raymond. It is the most nutritious cut of steak.
Alright, all the doors are locked. Let's get back to work.
Decent.
Dammit! There's the doorbell!
Maybe it's somebody else dogg.
Whoah! Hey, fellows!
Oh. Ray. Goot. I am just callink your cell.
We are hearink there is party?
Yeah, guys! Come on in! I see you already workin' the mojo!
Whoah! Blister?!
HEY MAN
Lyle! Welcome back, man! How was Scotland?
Lemme know if I shit myself. Excellent.
Well cuss my bones, look who it is! Happy New Year Todd!
Heya Mr. Bear, how come you ain't at the party?
Oh, I prefer to usher the new year in with a good book and my memories.
That's bogus! You gotta get your slant on!
Todd, are there any nights when you don't get your slant on?
Well, sometimes I don't get outta night school til like ten.
You go to night school? That's wonderful! What do you study?
I dunno. They got some pretty tight broads though.
You don't even know what class you're in?
That's my pager - I got hips to serve!
Hey man, my bank ain't got an ATM on this street! Can you loan me somethin' to tip this girl?
Sure here you go Showbiz
Hey baby, you lookin' fine tonight! What's your name!
Madison
Hey Madison! I want you to meet my brother Roast Beef!
Oh gosh man we ain't got no reason to meet
Do you want a private dance Roast Beef
Go on, man! She likes you!
So uh Madison do you want a family some day
oh my god she has got scoliosis
Fuckin' Pass it!
God, you fuckin' fat hog, let me get a hit.
Chill Nef! I'm done.
Faggot, you killed it!
Fuck!
Let's just go to the Circle K and grab a new one. Five finger style.
You mean steal one?
Yeah!
So, uh, my good sir... Could I ask from you a description of your jerkies?
Hey! You there!
Shit! Run!
Fuck you!
Oh God!
Run!
Huuh Huuh Huuh
You killed him, Little Nephew. You killed that guy, You could go to the Electric Chair!
You're just as guilty, Philippe! You're an accessory! You'll go to jail too!
I- I could turn state's evidence. There's video! If I tell the cops now, I...
GASP! What are you doing with that rock? Are you going to murder me, murderer?
I- I don't want to Philippe! But if you rat me out, I wilL!
Two can play at that game.
Noooo!
Philippe? I heard a noise.
Téodor: Little Nephew and me were bad and old and we stole and cussed and I hit him witha big rock!
Oh, Philippe! You just had a crazy dream!
A dream?
Yes! All of that stuff was just in your head! Your subconscioius shooting off random thoughts that you saw as reality!
Well, Goodnight.
Men, you have competed in four events, and the results have been surprising.
Téodor, we hoped you would shine during the cooking event, but you folded with a focus and intensity normally seen only in successes.
Pat, you've been to prison more times than the neck tattoo fairy, yet you got on worst with Miami.
Vlad, you're a machine, yet you could not identify which of your machine brothers was, in fact, the car quiz's logical choice.
Wienermobile is not brother. Is not like we are speakink at Christmas.
Lyle, you communicate mainly through smells and peeing, yet you couldn't get along with the dog.
Yeah, that one was mine to lose.
Congratulations, Cornelius. You are the baddest dude in town; you are the mirror that shows a normal man that he is a clown.
Well, my heavens! How completely unexpected! On the off chance of a mass-forfeiture or transit strike, I did take the liberty of preparing a few remarks.
DID YOU HEAR THAT?! THE DUDE PREPARED REMARKS!
THE MAN IS SO OLD SCHOOL HE DRIVES A YELLOW BUS WITH GOTHIC ARCH WINDOWS!
Jesus Christ! Why the fuck did you just hit the computer with a cricket bat?!
An Internet man has been buggering Philippe! I've had it with this damned machine! I knew it would come to no good!
What do you mean, buggering him? He hasn't left the house all week!
Well, he's being e-buggered, or however they do it these days! Mental chat sex! I don't know how to describe it!
You can't bugger a child online, not even with Flash. You're way too worked up about this.
He sent Philippe a thousand dollars! The man clearly expects placid afternoons of unhurried buggery!
Caveat emptor. Pederasts aren't the most litigious bunch you're likely to encounter.
Fine, then. I still reserve the right to enshroud any bump in the night with a cumulonimbus of pepper spray.
Huh. Sounds like we finally caught that damned kitchen rat.
Oh crap, he didn't die all the way. Maybe it's just reflexes and he'll settle down in a few seconds.
Aw futz, he dragged himself off the shelf. I hope he didn't land on that little kitchen CD player.
Yup, he did.
WHEN I GET OLDER... LOSING MY HAIR MANY YEARS FROM NOW WILL YOU STILL BE SENDING ME A VALENTINE BIRTHDAY GREETINGS BOTTLE OF WINE!
Uh yeah is this the Butterball turkey hotline
Okay cool yeah
Hi rose
Look uh I know Thanksgiving has ended and all
But your phone number was the only one I could remember just now
Listen anyways I had like all kinds of Cuervo tonight
Yeah just all by myself exactly
Anyhow I got kind of a science-type question for you
Is it possible to get killed if you puke into an electrical outlet
ALRIGHT! Alright! So I musta read the directions wrong!
Man I ain't never seen so much coconut rum.
just outside of town you will see this gay bar called like Peppermint Honcho. Keep going 1-2mi til you hit downtown.
Here! He says town's just a mile or so further.
Maybe next time there are some directions you could read them BEFORE someone admires my shoulders
Alright! It ain't like anything actually happened!
I guess my imagination's too good
I already seen me and that dude at Christmas
tryin' to explain ourselves
Two coconut rum drinks in our hands
November 8, 2001
"Poker"
Philippe, I...you...what the hell do I say next?
Sheesh.
Ha ha!
November 5, 2001
"What is the saddest thing"
Lie Bot, what is the saddest thing?
When a father outlives his son.
STICK TO THE SCRIPT PLEASE
October 1, 2001
"Philippe is standing on it"
CUT!
Welcome to Shrovis-Bishopthorpe: good, British computing. Click anywhere on the titmouse to begin
Well done. Now, please click elsewhere on the titmouse.
Oopsy-daisy! You've made him cross. Must have clicked too hard.
But I didn't!
Only joking. Now "right-click" on the titmouse. This is your password.
Right-clicking on the titmouse is my password. The boys will never know.
Superb! You are now computing. Open any application to begin computing in a more specific fashion, or simply continue to compute as you were.
The choice is yours. The future is now. Shrovis-Bishopthorpe
How do I open applications? Maybe by turning one of these dials...
What in the devil...?
Shrovis-Bisanthorpe leads the pack in considering the internet a nuisance. To this end we have installed a lock, so that the decision to leave the real world behind and venture into a land of codswallop and hastily documented buggery is anything but a thoughtless one. To send for your internet key, please post two forms of identification and £25 to the address shown on the box.
Look, this is the best that I can do. Do you like this? Does this make any sense to you?
No! Don't write anything on the paper! Just show me if you understand this hat!
Oh, boy. You're just writing more swears, aren't you?
Wow! This is amazing!
Hello, Pat Reynolds! Let's see now... armed robbery and manslaughter?
"Nice Pete!" That don't sound like such a bad guy to share a cell with!
Here we go! Nice Pete, meet Pat!
Pat
Pat do you think that it is bad for a man to give another man kisses
Or do you agree that it is okay
Lie Bot, I can't sleep. Will you tell me a fairy tale?
Sure, little guy! Get under the covers!
Okay then. There's this Dutch kid, and he sees water leaking out of a dyke, so he sticks his finger into the leak to stop it.
Wow! Phew.
Unfortunately, pretty soon his finger dies, and then the rest of him dies, too. He's little, and it's so very, very cold.
Nooo!
Sorry, true. Anyhow, the next morning a priest sees the boy, and it turns out he's not all the way dead.
Oh my gosh! Is he okay?
Not in general. His father is furious with him for not coming home, and in a blind rage he burns their house down.
But...but his mom was nice to him, right?
Whoo! Definitely not.
She screamed at him so loud and long that blood came out of her mouth and tear ducts! The doctors had to send her to be killed.
The end! No moral.
To my mind, the most interesting thing here is that there is a place doctors can send people when they need to be killed.
Alright, Rod. We couldn't find anyone else to star with you, so you just get on the bed and do what you gotta do to make this dirty.
I'm not a Cuisinart, pudding. I need a little something to get me warmed up.
Téodor! Come take your shirt off and do jumping jacks in here! Rod ain't a Cuisinart!
..."Rod"? Oh, no...
Troy Harlem, if I'm not mistaken!
Hey, Huggings. How's the wide world of bottoming.
Troy Harlem? What? T, you a secret gay porno actor? Damn, this is handy!
Very good, thank you! In fact, I was able to purchase a small plane recently.
No, I'm not. It was just a misunderstanding.
But, dude! Think how perfect!
I come bustin' down the wall and complain about how poorly some fat guy's playing with himself, there's no gay OR straight appeal! It's just every fat dude's worst nightmare come to life!
Look, let's just greenscreen him in a couple different positions and superimpose him on himself in post. You can bust in on that.
Dear Sirs: Please find enclosed one (1) Exclusive "Pork Pie Hat," size 2 5/8.
I am returning this item because I feel your catalog uses deceptive language in describing its contemporary appeal. As it turns out, NO-ONE likes to see a man in a "Handsome Pork Pie Hat."
I have even suffered the indignity of having a large sandwich thrown at my head/hat.
Also enclosed please find a check for $39.99 to cover the cost of one (1) Darwin Fish Bolo Tie Ring (item #4985). Sincerely, Pat Reynolds 901 Grosvenor Achewood Estates CA
Hey, somebody ate all my 'shrooms!
I'm sure I hid them in this trail mix.
My mother knew that I would die some day!
A snake rode a motorcycle seven miles!
Man, where am I gonna get another twenty bucks?
Well, how much underwear DID you eat?
That's IT?
Of course they'll let you on the plane! Just don't act like anything's wrong!
No they ain't gonna know just by lookin' in your eyes! Act normal, and get on the damn plane! We filmin' our first episode tonight, Todd!
HEY! Ain't no stewardess gonna hear it digestin' in you, Todd! LISTEN TO ME! HEY!
DO... DO NOT CUT IT OUT OF YOU! NO ONE CAN HEAR UNDERWEAR ONCE IT'S INSIDE OF YOU!
TODD! TODD!
Where are you going? We start taping in four hours
Vegas. The Talented Dr. Sniffles just gave his bad self a whale tail-ectomy on the sharpened corner of an Emeril Lagasse franchise. Back in three.
Damn I got to make some scratch if me and Molly are gonna get our own place Talk to me Help Wanted page Tell me of the things I can do
Wow this lab needs someone to help run medical experiments
Uh yeah uh yes this is Jaime the Science Friend responding to the Knights' written request that I perform at--
Oh! *Jaaaaime!* Good boy now! Good boy for callin'! Good to know the Knights will be enjoying your hi-larious Racialist humor next week!
Well that's the thing--
It IS just the thing, now isn't it? We are tickled pink, son. Good boy.
I--
We had just the devil of a time gettin' a top-quality entertainment this year, I mus' tell you!
First we had a kind of a well I don't know how you say it *an old-fashioned geek Chinaman* said he could kill, cook and eat a civet cat in thirty seconds . . .
And when that fell through we had a group of Harvard boys gonna play as nigger minstrels! That fell through.
So I guess that at the end of all my talkin', Jaime, what I'm tryin' to say is that we are just pleased as riches to have you aboard.
Well then I guess it's pickles on parade if I tell you that I am a Jew as my father did lay with a Jewess those many years ago
Hm. Well, now. Oh, lordy.  Yes, I guess that IS pickles on parade. For both of us, though, mind you!
I get the thing that you were tryin' to do with Tina man
Spill, Beef. A brother is tore up on toxic shock syndrome and rockin' a Schedule III Sodium Pentothal* in his gravy.
* Dr. Andretti administered Sodium Pentothal - commonly known as "truth serum" - to Ray, because it is one of the few barbiturates not contra-indicated by Long Island Iced Tea and Crab Louie, both of which Ray had tested positive for.
Your ass saw me get married and you wanted to get married too so you wouldn't feel left behind
Dogg, you are exactly right.
I wanted the four of us to have classy dinner parties and boat vacations in France, for our kids to be the same age... hella tite.
Yeah but getting married to Tina so that you can be married is like setting your house on fire so that you can finally meet the neighbours
You marry that woman and you gonna become the David Blaine of findin' excuses not to be at home
