We got nine new blogs to get caught up on today you Jack Samsons so put on your Face Eyes and sit in your Body Chair !
How was poker last night?
Hah! Was he wearing that retarded sweater?
Hey Lyle, what's up?
We'll be over after Survivor, cool?
What
Dang man I feel like there should be a little paper umbrella and some Bob Marley music
Okay fine let's have him in for an interview
So uh Todd what is your position on reproductive rights for women
Oh my god that is the worst possible answer in the universe
Hm very interesting
...and your stance on the tobacco industry
Yeah exactly
That's just vestigial humour from the '50s I guess
Okay
Dang yeah I guess we ain't basically eaten in nearly a day
Oh man Subway would punish All Italian BMT with mustard on both sides
All parmesan oregano bread All baked Lay's
What's he sayin'
Holy Dickens Hold onto your hangover Ray
Oh my god
Here we go
Bingo
Dang man what is with all the stacks of wax Téodor
Oh hell yes dogg right we gonna make the metals kiss and the fuel turn lively
Oh listen remember dogg you were all kinds of saying about how Bono emailed you reminding you to try a Currywurst when you were in Berlin
Ray all the man wants to know is if you want fries or a roll as your side
'Cause that kind of question usually don't provoke such protracted equivocation and nervous grins you know
He is definitely envisioning a simple apartment decorated with owl posters yeah
Did you see Eraserhead
Let's just say their database is accessible via any networked computer
I ain't need no Dell Inspirion to bust a man down on into his component pieces
Well would you look at that here we are
Watch this
He won't compete but he'll be fine in a few weeks
That part of the leg heals quickly
I ain't Frederick H. Coca-Cola but I do know something about building a brand
Alright you want a hot dog or a Polish or anything
I don't wanna talk about it
Like a million days it seems
No like I'm just gonna freak out
So many sites to catch up on
I feel like I'm just gonna start typin' URLs like crazy
Typin' so fast my fingers blur Browser completely freezin' up
Everyone in the doorway all starin' at me
Single bullet to the base of my skull
Alright dogg uh I look forward to Chardonnay wine from the appropriate refrigerator and an appeasement of chutneys
Oh ok decent uh how should I dress up I mean I ain't go to a lot of supper parties
Oh man if you go into this thinking of her just as a stripper it could like ramify into the evening in ways you don't mean
No but like you might assume that she's never heard of having cheese in a salad before and go over the top in acting all worldly and declaiming that cheese in salads "actually dates to the earliest monotheists"
Ten bucks says if you see her talkin' to Cornelius too much you absently start flickin' dollar bills out on the tablecloth in front of you
We've solved a very large problem that was causing what I estimate to be most of the dissonance in the world
Unfortunately the outside world will reject us based on our appearance Therefore I suggest we remain in the pool house indefinitely
I completely want to use art to convey the image of a skeleton busking in a subway station in post-apocalyptic Paris
Sorry uh we got caught up playin' basketball with Emeril and Spongebath you know how insatiable those dudes are
That must have been like a sight outta his most private fantasies brought to life
What
Dang man I feel like there should be a little paper umbrella and some Bob Marley music
Mom was faster by thirty seconds this time
Dryer One is only half a minute behind Dryer Two
I wonder if she's getting me a Happy Meal
That would be so awesome
Uh yes sir
okay
Uh huh
Oh dogg uh we really ain't that kind of people you know
Dude have you ever taken a long hard look at a mailman
If I let a babysitter touch me on the jazz hose then I probably deserve to lose it all
Man the only way a teenage girl would try to score with me would be for a science fair project about scoring with gross fellows
Alright Ray we gonna do somethin' kind of nutty to catch him. What's the biggest speaker you got at your house right now
Go fetch it and get back here snappity
Oh dang I ain't seen Mr. Wheels in basically forever. Anyhow on three we roll this in front of his door okay
No man we gonna use this massive magnet against him
One Two Three!
OH UH OH uh hey uh I didn't realize you would not be at work because you are supposed to be at work right now !
Oh this uh oh it's nothin' I mean sure if you like you can wear it
I was just messin' around tryin' to remember my resistor color codes
Well I guess we got to place an order for Chinese delivery if we want anything to eat
Oh no way I heard they put mega ding dongs in their food!
Oh yeah one time my friend ordered the combination fried rice and there was like just one small piece of beef and in excess of seven ding dongs!
I heard that if you try that the chef gets mad and draws ding dongs all over the cartons and receipt and everything
Oh yeah one time my friend tried that and in the fortune cookie was just this FURIOUS lookin' drawing of a ding dong
Uh hello Mr. Smuckles my name is Roast Beef
Yes sir
Hush Ray
Oh not the Jeeps no Ray we ain't goin' that route please
Oh uh you should place the dots more at your joints you know
Also you got to have bolts on both sides of the neck to serve as your positive and negative terminals
Another nice touch would be molasses to mimic congealed blood around the stitches
So dogg uh how was England
Like if you took them off the TV they'd seem right at home with a brown plastic tray and a tiny carton of milk ?
I bet in England though folks come up to those people and are all like COO COO CLUCK CLUCK SIGN ME BOOK PLEASE
CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S REALLY YOU
dang-i thought these things were supposed to totally kill you
It's a hard thing to reverse is all
If it doesn't work out there are hell of bad times while you sort out whose copy of Achtung Baby is whose
And what about the colander I bought that only she uses I mean what do you do about that
But what about Molly where would she go
Man I couldn't let her rent a place all by herself what if the landlord quoted her false terms
How come you would chose a harlequin as your halloween costume Ray
But since you have the choice why not be like Captain Morgan or Charlie Watts you know...Both guys are seen as hotter than a clown
Man don't kid yourself nobody thinks that a clown packs
Depends on how many coconut rum drinks you let the Michelin Man buy you
Alright Ray No mercy
Man check this out these are so nice Molly made me some aluminum foil undies to keep all the cancer-causin' cell phone electromagnetic signals outta my privates
Yeah but even on the double-plus side is this cantilever phone unit holder Makes it feel like there is a really nice familiar weight hangin' off the front of your body
I know don't you just feel like a king
Right like they might have got smaller during the last ice age so as not to release so much essential heat
But look at us we are feeling all Zen-like because we have triggered the release of a long-lost bliss hormone
"Will you marry me"
The high school film shows atom bomb test footage where shocked houses lean back then explode
Jesus man it's like we walk around with dynamite in our mouths
"I have a gun. Put the money in the bag."
"Will you marry me"
"Tell the pilot there is a bomb on this plane"
Built just like regular sentences, these sentences can in an instant transform forever the life of their speaker!
Man Ray doesn't have to go through any of this stomach-achin' existential mess and lose his soup in the sink in stolen moments besides
Dang and Jesus already I am being idiotic about this why can't I just type up a pro/con list like a half-ways logical man
Sciencize it cool
Alright dogg there is one ounce how does that feel
Alright that's two
Huh seems to be exponential Alright here's three
She's the last on the list come on Ray
You won't need it.
I kind of need to get a new mouse-pad this one's all dilapidated
I guess I would open a home for scared people
Oh how genius to have the invitation and program all in one man I TOTALLY saved cash - I am the graphic designer of the AGE
Get while the gettin's good they say
How do you know I wasn't just looking at her necklace
Jewelry
Oh uh yes why I think it is good !
I don't know but he is humming hell of ditties
Well all you need for that is two hands and some arms
Dude's game stinks so bad families in cars roll up the windows
A dog raises its hackles if Ray's game comes toward it
If Ray's game touches some eggs the mother bird will kill the eggs
Ray's game is melted down chili pepper nailed to a board
Ray should wear a leather mask and shoot 8-ball in a cage in the traveling circus sideshow
Hay all on the floor
A man has a whip
Dang man but don't I know it
I got a weakness for Slogan T's I guess
Uh you got to admit Téodor she looks just like an angel
Yeah uh it's my first time I mean like I always seen the signs but it ain't I mean it wasn't what I thought was okay to do.
I'll just sit back and keep outta your way then I mean you're the pro.
Jesus Ray this ain't much of a time man is this important
Oh uh of course dude just give me the 411 and I'm there
God dammit Ray do you know what kind of day I'm havin' and you just said WHAT to me?!
I mean it's just going to turn out to be a pretty short book is all Well of course I am writing to my strengths
Yeah I know you let me choose my own topic you ain't got to keep repeating that Onstad
Oh Jesus I knew he was gonna ask
Well uh I guess it's about a page and a half including a sidebar where Harry discusses coulombs with a whispering pillar of light
Yes coulombs are "germane" did they teach you that word at Talk Like a Dick school
You can pretend all you want but I did just say that
No I ain't being defensive you are Okay Mr. Funnylaffs I give up what do they say about guys with incredibly small novels
Dang lady why you pushin on me
Well I would have stopped snoring in that case and plus I would not have been pushed
What so you can hit me with a tennis racquet instead of just pushing
Sounds more like it would just keep me from wearing that shirt
I tell you what let's sew a tennis ball to the front of my shirt and a racquet to the front of yours and work on our Serrrrve!
Screw you, parents! I'm gonna say a five-pound cuss on ham radio and rent a P.O. Box!
Talk hard! Say opinions! Adults will never understand us! The principal hates idiots! Gimme a call, Scottsdale!
Oh you mean these eyes
Oh heck if that isn't my cell phone dang it
WHAT oh uh hey Molly what's up
Oh god please no don't say it
Oh uh you got to download Ad-Aware from Lavasoft.de
sigh
Dang Ray I never seen a computer so inftected as this
Jesus Christ Ray you go to some nasty websites what the hell man
I don't recall you advisin' any women on the subject of mashin' birthday cakes around under their bottoms
Yet that is exactly what I see here
SO YOU GONNA SHOVEL OUT ZOLOFT LIKE COAL INTO A STEAM ENGINE BUT YOU AIN'T GONNA SELL THE CARDS YOUR CUSTOMERS NEED BEFORE THE ZOLOFT KICKS IN HUH IS THAT IT!
Dang that makes me think of a card
Dang that is basically true
No... no... somethin' just ain't right yet
Wait... think I have it...
Oh man this is it this is that part in the painting where God's finger touches Adam's
Wow so I just uh I hold the banjo like this right
Hee hee someone call Ken Burns I'm writing his next soundtrack!
Hell of such as meow
I don't know dogg this mane isn't doing much for me
Face it man we been bred down to pee-wees If I saw a wounded gazelle my first instinct would definitely not be to start eating its hot guts
Oh nice all with a frosty Amstel instead of a puddle that a rhino crapped in
Alright Ray What you into
Yeah uh I'd like a Ketel One up and a bottle of Bud please
Man that is a lot of dang fucking money
Oh my god
...Showbiz?
Alright Ray how does my Patsy Cline look
Yeah man it is spot on and the hair is great too so let's do this
Hello my name is Patsy Cline
Ray come on dogg
Oh for heaven's sake look at you
Come on let's get up now and go back to the booth
What now Ray what's the matter
Are you gonna be sick or something
What's gonna touch
All right Ray 'member how I was always so good at Operation
Some men such as Joe Pesci and Bill Gates have created good lives for themselves
Uh yes hello
A laser is used to create a negatively charged area on a positively charged drum so that positively charged toner will stick only in the negatively charged area
The toner is then transferred onto a sheet of paper which has been given a stronger negative charge than the area that's holding the toner
Okay well uh you know how a sock sticks to you because of static cling
Probably not
I'm guessing it gets less rare the closer you get to a school
Oh hey Todd what it is Sure you can ask me a question
Heh actually I do know the answer
The average stinker is only one teaspoon in volume I read it in Harper's Index
Yeah I know I would have thought more like 3/4 cup at least
Hang on what is with all that clanking Oh my god you're at the police station?
Dogg this is not how you're supposed to use your one phone call
What in heck Ray Why are you bleedin'
With what All that's in your room is that sour cream tub and these two dirty socks
Heck man Who is always tellin' me he's got a IQ of 183
Well I mean I would bet basically one dude or maybe none in a million knows the Fight like I do
This is not to brag
Dogg it is brain tape since young times
You mean at the current Acres or the first few years at Ken Crandall's farm
The fight is three days which is enough time for an ad hoc culture to form
Two armies typically arise and their pawns are sent to the front
It's rumored that the army leaders often fight only on days one and three and traditionally feast on turkeys and brandy on day two
So on day one you got to kick just rich amounts of ass with a remarkable style
Build a reputation
Men are of two kinds
When contained...
They either want to be a hero or be with a hero
Plenty of dudes will side with you if they know you are Rodney Leonard Stubbs' son
Delegate them to the front lines according to strength
Let the weakest lay waste to the weakest and so on in kind
We'll figure that out then
Dang man I don't know it would have to be somethin' pretty special to me
What's special about a barbed wire band
Man ain't no woman of a decent intellect gonna think--
Seriously Ray the Venn diagram of women you and me are interested in has a little overlap in the middle that just says "CALL BOB GIACOMINELLO WITH RE/MAX TODAY"
Calm down, dude. Switch to the next article or something
You got to be kidding
Hm you know now that I think about it his voice is really tender and good
Word up man let's go listen to some Boy George
Yeah
Fuckin A!
Oh uh he took off while we were asleep last night
That's because the action of sneakin' seventy bucks from my wallet generates very little noise
Yeah but not a very good one
Sometimes he spells it with the L and no U but yeah generally
First I got to throw away all the Rockford Fosgate catalogs with every single page dog-eared
NORTHEAST CORNER
STEP ON IT STEP ON IT STEP ON IT
Oh uh we just uh we gonna go do what she likes you know ! Plus they got desserts at just awful lots of places these days !
I mean you can't walk ten feet in any direction without becoming on the inside of a dessert restaurant right and that is completely good right because ladies like to eat cakes and treats and
I DIDN'T FORGET NOTHIN' DAMMIT JUST GET OUT OF HERE TÉODOR WHY YOU ALWAYS TALKIN!
I ONLY GET CONCERNED IF SHE AIN'T SITTIN' ON THE BED CRYIN'!
I'D THINK I LOST MY TOUCH!
SCREW YOU TÉODOR YOU KNOW I GOT TO HAVE SPECIAL LAMPS TO BE IN SOCIETY !
Historically nearly fifty percent of the Fight's population takes itself out in the first three hours
Either immediately or through slow-acting injuries
Anyhow gentlemen our first order of business is a little treat for you troops
Show you up close and personal how Son of Rodney takes a man apart
Two of you are gonna go fetch Perfect Ron Sipes
Tell him Son of Rodney is about to sell his wife a 29-Minute Ab Minder
He'll know what I mean
Leander I want you to go
Take the Latino Health Crisis with you
Looks like you heard about Michael
I ain't even listen to the guy's stuff but for some reason I'm doin' a thing
I mean hearin' that Michael Jackson died is like hearin' that another Space Shuttle blew up
Everything about it is so big you ain't got the synaptic bandwidth to process the girth of the grief
Hey Pat uh Ray just saw a Magreaux dog downtown by the KFC
Yeah we're at the doctor's office he's gettin' the whole workup you know full body MRI and even a chaplain
Yeah man ok cool I'll see you here in a few
No man we ain't callin' her until we know anything you know I mean the phone call alone might get her a heart attack I mean we got to not play into this thing's hands
I know man but we just crazy with fear I mean the things tried to walk Pat it tried to walk
Come on man the dog might have been about someone he knows or like misrepresentatively prominent for a minor surgery he needs
Man I can't lose Ray come on Pat just an hour ago we were walkin' and now we seen his dog and it's over just like that it makes no sense IT MAKES NO SENSE! IT MAKES NO SENSE!
Oh dogg do not tell me you wear the bloatee
When a dude of gravity tries to distinguish his neck from his face by arbitrarily shaping facial hair that is the bloatee
Plus that thing is so hell of wispy a spider covets
Dogg I cannot brook the gossamer bloatee
You look like Three Musketeers gave you cauliflower ass
Traffic on the 101 was so FUCKED man it took damn eight hours just to six inches dammit
Sheesh tell me about it
Make 'em tall and ice cold just like yours truly
Man I am just ten kinds of worked up after that hack and all that sittin' around
I want to just make a big life size origami of myself and be all HOW ARE YOU
HOW HAVE YOU BEEN
Just push on its nose with my open palm and watch as like one of its arms falls off
You said it
Mmm this sandwich is so good I feel like there's music comin' outta my ears
That's how Subway works man Like hamsters in a cage They just keep growin' the numbers till they kill each other back down to a sustainable level
Inexorably | sadness descends, unfailing. | meets its mark always
aww Ray man you kind | of went too far He is like | only a preteen
Dude Téodor let's take pictures let's take pictures of everyone and see what they think of themselves man that would be the Dickens of a chuckle!
Dang Ray you lookin' shaken as they come what is the haps
Say hi Weldon
Man don't call Weldon "that thing" he is my little guy and he's housebroken besides
You dis my dog you fluff my hog
I said that if you speak against Weldon then you are about to enter a world where the only activity that exists is tasting my hog
Not much Barry. How about you?
Oh uh I didn't want to catch anything. I just like being out here.
So you're married huh?
Dang that is like my favorite beer ever
Was this before or after Janeane finally called
"Dammit woman ain't been no sounds"
"Why ain't you just knock on the damn door you got a question like that"
"Dammit woman"
"Dammit woman don't let the boy believe that dogs can enjoy cocoa-based products"
"Dammit woman do not set the boy to wicked schemes"
"Dammit woman do not represent our lord as a golden lab that is hell of sacrilage"
'You hear that woman he'd be more like a basenji dammit why does no one listen to me"
Dang even got one 'a them little soda guns
Tonic and everything
I could mix up some rude drinks if anyone was around
I guess I got all of eternity now though
No reason I can't just have a drink all alone
Well here I am
Drunk in Heaven
Kinda seems redundant
I guess it's the only thing that I'm really good at
This spreadsheet would tell a person when they needed to buy eggs or milk
Based on how much eggs or milk they started with
I also wrote a function that calculates how much hash browns to make
A stitch in time saves nine I guess
Look Ray I'll meet you at your house later okay
Okay Philippe uh it is important how you act on days when you got to meet such as foreign dignitaries
So let's pretend I am the Pope and you are meeting me okay
Oh hello my son bless you as you are the fruit of the lamb
I got such as rheumatism and must sit near a fire
You know I got some problems with your country I should mention
You are all hella lazy and a bunch of fatsoes to boot
Plus you got bad morals
Remember that all your family and your momma gonna burn if we don't agree on stuff
Dang Philippe man you really got a set on you !
Dang
I ain't never seen no one pick up a dollar bill that way
Whoah whoah whoah whoah whoah whoah WHOAH
Ray man there's only one cash register in this place
Well uh basically Ray that's where all the ladies change out singles for twenties
And all these dudes change out their ATM twenties for the singles to tip with
It's like Typhoid Mary all over again
Dang Ray don't tuck that money under your eyelids !
Okay Philippe when you run for President you got to be able to say opinions on subjects at the drop of a hat
So I am gonna say some ideas and then you say your opinions okay
Racism
The Homeless
Uh okay but I ain't too sure I am happy with these results
Man
I look like some guy who chooses fonts for a living
Dang man
I feel like I should be in some Microsoft Word ad
All smiling and pointing to a diagram which shows the various parts of my brain which a company could use for tasks
Hee hee
"Pipe frosting, or even a fresh fruit coulis, through the tip of a punctured condom"
"Crack crab legs and claws inside a condom for a mess-free seafood dinner"
"Wear a condom when working with raw poultry for an added layer of protection"
"Fill a condom with 1 part peat, 1 part sand, and 1 part water. There you go: you've just created the ideal germination environment for tarragon seeds."
Oh Christ you got that tone dogg what the hell it is man who ate it don't talk soft to me.
Hold on what in the hell "our" gym
Are you serious you mean Leo from the uh the Caddy dealership?
Damn man Leo wow I mean what's the main sentence of this thing Holmes
Oh man was he like nuclear-pissed at me for makin' that crack about his thighs?
So between you and me we basically played this dude into his grave like a couple of guys on the same side of an air hockey table
THE HELL WHY DID YOU LOLCAT ME ON THE NEWS RAY YOU SON OF A BITCH!
LIKE HELL IT'S GONNA "BLOW OVER" MAN THIS IS GONNA "BLOW OVER" JUST ABOUT AS FAST AS THAT PRINCESS DI THING!
Well uh this definitely started better than it's gonna end if you know what I mean
No man I'm just sayin' years from now me all crawlin' around blind on the linoleum with some eighty dollar tube hangin' outta my Johnson.
My lady all dead six days in the bathtub and the guy from the county and checks the Yes box after Is It A Shame
Come on now
I'll make you some breakfast if you want
Oh my goodness whoops is that your academic ranking in our senior class!
Oh and that's worse than not being able to learn Spanish
Oh uh thank you but my birthday is not on this day
Wow uh man you know I ain't need such as gifts
Esquire Magazine's 100 Favorite Sex Positions
Why sure Vlad of course you can come to the barbecue
Oh shut up Ray don't even talk about gettin' with a robot
Oh just shush now that is a crazy idea and it is just terrible
You know what fuck this I got it on good authority that death just grabbed its car keys off the table by the door and damned if I'll eat my last line from a can
There is this new invention called making love that the main doctors are telling scientists about
Yes indeed
Yeah Ray I am uh basically indisposed right now
Uh Ray I am with a lady friend at the moment and we have taken a DVD
Yeah of course he does it is made out of like Yttrium and has such as a gyroscopic leveling system
Oh my god did Ray just say what I think he said
Man how low can you get
That is low... as a dirty... *snake*
Uh Ray excuse me what was that about my mother
Whoah hold on I don't get it
Molly I need you to prove--
I'm all alone in this world ALL ALONE !
Nothing matters anymore I've got NOTHING TO LOSE
Shoot a cop
Buy a nose on eBay
I'LL BE DEAD BY THE TIME THEY SLAP THE CUFFS ON
In his role as a friend of mine, Ray agreed to do an interview for Man Why You Even Got To Do A Thing. This interview was conducted on May 6, 2006, at my place, which is his pool house.
So how are you doing Ray. Are you having a good time.
Interesting. Let's talk about this. Did your mother have any grenadine, or was that mainly your father's obligation? Because you seem to feel entitled to grenadine.
So what you're saying is that you cannot make a proper Tequila Sunrise because I only have a small airplane bottle of Cuervo and a packet of Sunny Delight orange guice drink concentrate on the end table by your chair. You're saying things like "Bullshit Sunrise."
Well, maybe I do. Let's see.
Interesting. You're waiting to see if, for no reason, something exciting will happen. You grew up wealthy, is that correct?
So you want to get drunk and talk about yourself. Hold on, I'm writing this down.
There have been ideas, in the public, that you like hop-hip music.
What does that mean, "here to stay."
Yes, we often hear about this, this hard life and bad scene. How come people who have a bad life sing so many songs? Is it from the slave tradition? You almost never hear of plantation owners coming up with wonderful, original music. Wasn't the only music ever written by a plantation owner, "chopsticks"?
Alright shoot uh well dogg just two weeks until I'm married I guess
So we only got like so much time left to party in
How does you and me and a six pack of Tequiza sound
Oh hee hee dogg we gonna get disastrous man we gonna get ruined on that stuff
Dang Showbiz that's four to my one man you are in shape
Oh geez right man what was I thinking all getting six beers
Okay then uh crack that last one for the ride and I'll drive us to Lucky Supermarket
Okay bro you get us some limes and I'll pick up the brew
Sir uh there is a drunk guy messin' up the produce if that's a thing
Well uh it's kinda small for a logo I mean
That is low as a snake
That lady is tough man she has some brass cans
Uh yeah I would like just such as a simple taco
Do you charge money for a cup of water
Alright alright how much is your smallest cup of Diet Pepsi
I can't pay that kind of money for a small Diet Pepsi that is asinine We can get a 2-liter bottle at the store for like 99c
Man don't yell at the worker Molly he'll take a dump in the taco
Dang Molly this place is completely fancy
Dang I got like no idea of how to do that
Do they have just such as Coronas
Oh yeah uh hi sir uh I would like a serving of your classiest wine
Do...you have good wines ?
That would be acceptable sir
Hm yes sir and this wine you mention will it make us look like dicks
OH uh sorry year I didn't mean to blurt that out I just uh I ain't know too many wine terms
Hm yes well then what is your most recent wine
Are house wines considered pretty recent ?
Well then uh we would like three dollars each of your most recent wine
why should I... Just gonna get lied to
always do
Man enough of all this chitchat I got to lose myself in some won ton Go hit Chevy Ford Wo's for some of the classic old stuff
Yeah uh hey Chevy gonna go family-size on some won ton I got a lot of thinkin' to do
Talkin' about a ring and a lady maybe dude
Oh uh yeah wow you remember her?
Jesus christ that's right I said I wished I could cook up some basic Chinese at home
Okay Weldon now comes the part where we brown the lamb for the moussaka! Ain't that fun boy! Ain't that fun huh!
Weldon doesn't bite Gramma K
Weldon isn't going anywhere and that is the final word
Old woman listen to me.
You have forbidden me from pleasure since the day I was born Now I pay for this house and I pay for your wine
So as of this day I am the LAW and I am the LASH do you hear me!
DO YOU HEAR ME!
Oh it's just this dumb shoppin' site
Aw yeah dogg
So uh do I hold onto the club such as this
Shucks you know I ain't really uh I ain't never--
Shucks ok then Oh uh wait hold on How will I know if I'm high
Okay it looks like I'm drivin' a golf cart
I understand this information
That's cool that's cool
If I do not mess up I can probably park the cart somewhere logical and sneak off
I could go home and hide beneath the sink with a yellow pillow and some cigars
I could set up a nice small stereo and enjoy some nice Johannesburg Riesling
I could read some magazines from my childhood such as Bananas and Thrasher
That would be fun
man that actually sounds awesome!
Oh uh but I don't need-
Vlad uh I don't know what they told you but I don't need no-
Man don't be lookin in my-
But there is no bad time to NOT have a baby
People half our age also have tattoos of Insane Clown Posse going over Niagra Falls in a tomato.
Am I avoiding the subject, or am I doing  philosophy ?
If a man is chained in a cave and he sees the shadow of a baby play across the wall, does he instinctively know that he will be yelled at for doing such selfish things as going to get a haircut, even though he looks like Ted Kaczynski on a 3-day Jäger bender ?
IT'S CROWNING
Wait, so is like two or three weeks considered "sitting"
Man this guy is PARTYING
Hello Molly thanks you for coming over it is very good to see you
I am not much of a cook but I hope you can uh still enjoy my I mean our diner at least somewhat
Oh and I had better get this breathing I'll just be a moment
I hope you like chicken which has been baked in a dish !
Oh uh why don't I put on some music
Do you like music
I like music
Oh uh definitely not we got a seat for you and everything
Presumptuous son of a bitch!
Oh Jesus shut up with your hot buttered lies or I'm going to be sick
You god damned entree-wanting organism
CRAP now I got to rack my brain and engineer my brother out of my wedding party and it ain't like I already want to SLICE THIS DAMN WEDDING IN HALF LIKE THE GORDIAN KNOT OR ANYTHING
Well good 'cause she sure as hell won't be on me
Come on Weldon let's go for a walk okay boy!
Ha ha okay check your pee-mail
Now run around and have just the happiest old time
Dang man I didn't know you were in the area Showbiz !
I see you have a mustache now
You also have quite the sun tan
Here let me help you with your bag
Man you got a lot of mustard and Hunt's ketchup packets
Prototype?
What's on the other two sides
Cash
Oh my god
Ray don't tell me you made PICKLES in this bed
Take it out into the woods and shoot it I guess
A turd with a bullet ain't exactly 5 O'Clock News Ray
Oh I ain't much to look at Ray Not much at all.
Oh stop it now Ray
Shucks Ray I don't know how to pick up no lady
Uh...h-h-hello my lady My name is Roast Beef
May I entreat my lady to play at whist?
Doggie the nation pisses hell of ducats up the wall on drinks and frosty beers
Can you please tell them to cut that shit out
I'm sorry sir but hell if I can you know
Fine then here comes an amendment against frosty ones
Oh man Ray squirrels are constantly getting it on just at every opportunity
Totally unprotected and everything
Dude Todd is like the Steve Irwin of getting STDs
If gonorrhea was a piano Todd would be considered a bold and unpredictable new talent
Oh uh yeah man you ain't gonna believe this but I saw him carryin' on with Tina last night dogg
Serious Times dogg I was over kickin' it with Emeril and Spongebath when those two stumbled by all juiced on the stuff
Dogg what got into him this is some black beans Ray what we gonna do?
I made his weight outta my Sir Tim Berners-Lee fridge magnet dogg it was exactly 2.5 ounces I checked it on the scale I checked it on the scale!
Man how could I be so stupid
I'll call over to his place
Okay right otherwise everyone will think he has lost his mind
The latest articles are all about how electronic devices give off cancer-causing electromagnetic rays
I ain't want that action hanging in a pocket mere inches from my peter Boy Named Sue 8-bit ringtone all agitating my free radicals
Show me the Newsweek article with that title and I'll use it again
Oh WELL then as long as you're cool with coming home to find me tea-bagging the garbage disposal then sure I'll carry a cell phone
okay
I am?
But I'm the only other person in this company Ray
Hey Emeril dogg did Ray just swing by there all in a huff
Dang was he really that freaked out by Tina jamming his uncle?!
I got to get to the hospital and see if he's okay!
Man, he might really be off his halves!
The latest articles are all about how electronic devices give off cancer-causing electromagnetic rays
I ain't want that action hanging in a pocket mere inches from my peter Boy Named Sue 8-bit ringtone all agitating my free radicals
Show me the Newsweek article with that title and I'll use it again
Oh WELL then as long as you're cool with coming home to find me tea-bagging the garbage disposal then sure I'll carry a cell phone
Hola mis Sciencios !
Say, ju prolly wonner why ketchup can clean off a penny ! Jaime wonner this too !
Maybe ju an' me are amigos !
Dang man ain't this gonna be insulting to Latinos
I mean it basically implies that Latinos make friends for dumb reasons
So one day I get this penny and it was muy brown ! I got no time for a ugly penny ! I was like, this is craaazy !
Seriously man I'm worried that instead of teaching science I am just gonna get my ass beat down
All cooks and dishwashers fifty years of age in the back never gonna have no pension
Only socially able to marry a dim wife who clamors on every day about how she caught stinkeye from some immigrant on the bus
Waitress all can't get no better job 'cause one time back in life she shoplifted some lipstick
Sorry dogg your pizza parlor is my exposition of the main living miseries
A palace of woes where the living buy bread from the already dead
This is just cola
You can't break a computer program
Huh
This just indicates a type-9 memory stack leak
It's okay - I didn't actually want to go to sleep tonight
I've been having real awful dreams about giant apocalyptic machinery
just mowing us all down
OOOH YEAH BABY SHINE THAT LAMP
SHINE THAT LAMP ON THIS SAD, SAD MAN
OOOH YEAH BABY NOW SHINE THAT THING UNDER THE COVERS YOU ABOUT TO MEET DRACULA MWWWAH-HA-HA
DRRRACULA WANTS YOU TO WEAR THE SPECIAL PURPLE PUMPS
DRACULA DON'T GOT MUCH MONEY THIS WEEK MWWWAH-HA-HA
Here
What they lack in isolated blood spectacle they make for in continuous distributed cultural erosion
Like rain freezin' and thawin' between bricks year after year this house will come down
I bet there's a Nostradamus somewhere about a "raisin-breasted temptress
Man everyone in this Burger King is staring at me they know I'm makin' a TERRIBLE eating decision
I can't go throw this away in the bathroom though it's too late they're all watchin' me
If I did I'd be bluffing
I wonder what my last memory of life will be when I die
But...but where's my special ornament I made for you, mom?
But...but we need to go find it!
Alright Philippe the next move is to name your running mate
Oh uh I got the numbers on Todd
Polls show that he is actively disliked by females, ethnic groups, religious groups...
...and males who have just made or have just purchased nachos
Plus Todd has that two panel tattoo of KISS going to the grocery store and then comparing their you-know-whats to the yams
Gusano Rojo man that is the stiff coal
A real ankle drunk
*Mezcal*
Pour it down the drain man do the dude a favor
Fine then
Let's at least drain it and fill it back up with Ancient Situation or something else less embalmy
Dude you don't LIKE Gusano Rojo
What you LIKE is that you're holding something the police will wrestle you for
Well uh right off the bat I don't see why not
Man what is this what is this all about
You are doing this in backwards order dogg usually a guy measures phenomena and derives the equation from his data
Well then us it looks like Einstein is placing his lunch order through you
What's the matter Ray You lookin' sour as hell
The little dogg is against algebra That's understandable at his age
Just look at his ambitions Ray Maybe he don't like algebra so much
But he cold mixed up a whole album
He is bein' real here Ray
Plus his rhymes are extremely tight
Yeah I caught it on college radio man it is really makin' the rounds
Hee hee
Don't be like X is 5 If 5 is what you mean
If 5 is what is on your mind Then baby just come clean
Oh uh he thinks he's channeling Einstein
Yeah he wrote down this equation that actually seemed to spell out a word
Now he's all like those people who say they see the Virgin Mary in a latke
I bet you can pick up late model convertible Mustangs for a song right now
Jenna Jameson all cooking Mickey Mouse pancakes at Disneyland
Her convertible Mustang running on fumes
Two payments behind
Peter North selling brushes door to door
All barrel for a suit and half a coconut in some crude semblance of a business-like derby
Denver Boot on his convertible Mustang
...with the ones at table three
Hey all right! Boutiquey picture frames with wire and plastic crap glued to the edge! I always wondered if you might be insane!
You know what would be perfect in here? A picture of YOU!
Jesus Christ what in the hell come on Dracula
Wow! You might be the only lady who ever liked to read Nate Small!
...really?
How was your day of feeding riblets and oil salad to the monotremes
I'm sorry How's that
Sleep with him
Right as he shudders to a climax look at his forehead and say that it would be good if you could do Thanksgiving with your folks this year and his the next
Also remind him that if he gave you babies from his weiner you are going to need a longer car
Oh Crap
Red-handed
How do I get out of this
Marriage proposal definitely too strong of a diversion
Hm sometimes if you accuse a woman of doing something unsavory they just give you a silent scowl like you're the rude one for bringing it up
It's that thing you ladies do!
aw sweet Man I am so hungry
So they do
Man Ray don't buy that thing
Come on man don't pay fifty dollars for that
Well you see Rose
My situation is this
My friend Ray sold his soul to the Devil for a magical piano
Yeah to impress ladies with exactly
Recently he died of ice cream headache brought on by consuming a large number of Tofutti-Cuties
Naturally he went straight to Hell
What
Oh it's like this vegan ice cream sandwich
But anyway
Do you think that if I throw up into an electric outlet I will most likely die and go to Hell too
Heh heh yeah I guess you don't have that one in your Butterball database
Tell you what
I'll give it a shot and if I don't call back in five, it was nice talking to you
Oh excellent
Oh uh Showbiz is here he is cooling it on the couch for a while
Hey Showbiz Molly's here and she brought us some Chinese
Dude I told you to save me a piece of that gum and you ate the whole pack!
Oh cool my Recipe of the Month membership finally kicked in
I wonder what they sent
Oh awesome
Coq au vin
This is gonna be awesome
What in the
Oh my dogg it's a live chicken
I can't kill that little thing
Destroy its itty bitty soul with a knife
How DO you kill a chicken humanely
Maybe if I scream at it enough it'll have a heart attack
SHUT UP JUST SHUT THE HELL UP YOU SUCK SO MUCH
WHAT THE HELL IS THE MATTER WITH YOU
KISS MY ASS!
Oh dang what's this
Jiminy Hendrix man these dresses must cost a hundred, two hundred clams in certain cases
"This Vera Wang strapless Versailles gown with raw-edged bias duchesse ribbon retails for $13,500." "Although bridal gown prices can be as low as $2,000 we would never recommend..."
Man we ain't got enough scratch to get Molly a lovely dress on the day of her life when she should feel like the prettiest woman in the entire world!
I am a TERRIBLE man and this magazine proves my TERRIBLENESS and I had NO business askin' that poor girl to marry me cause I got NO station in this world and I am ONLY holdin' her back
There ought to be a prison for dudes who think they can make some happiness in this life
Oh damn listen to me all falling for this wicked bill of goods man this magazine is just a product and a wedding is just a product and it's ALL JUST A SHAM!
This nonsense got to end today too many dudes are blowin' too much money
Yes please come over and take a picture of me or I can come to your house and we can take the picture there
Alright and you can match your graphic design fonts to their graphic design fonts correct
Awww yeah
Man get away don't listen man
earrAP earrrrrAP-AP-AP Ptoo-ah
HLLLLURGH! Ptoo-ah
Aw cool man this must be my new T-shirt that I ordered
awesome
JESUS...why do I always buy these things...
I ain't never gonna wear none of these
Mama jokes are the order of the day so I hope you can keep up
Dang man well dang it sounds like you can make a mint if you host Google ads on your site
Man I wonder what concept of website would bring in the most visitors if I were to host it
Oh dogg a site where people can complain about their problems... Folks always completely want to constantly say their problems
Welcome to...  I-Got-Problems.com!  The premium site on which you can just lay it all out for all to see. Everyone will read about your problems at this website.
Dude so like listen uh I got plans tomorrow so can you use a free ticket to Cartilage Head
I know but serious you can't get these tickets open-market
Roast Beef you fool don't scatter the hash browns so thin like that you ain't gonna get no creamy insides
You know you got to make them into a pleasing cake you KNOW this
Cards for yourself!
tap tap tap
Oh God wait no this is too much in the territory of crazy people stuff
Man what if a famous mental doctor analyzes all these cards about depression and my issues with dude closeness and he goes on the news to confirm that I am a main lunatic in this land
I got to pull the plug on this card company before everyone digs that I am loopy pickins
Huh but then again if a woman can make a livin' just by havin' a pretty body then why can't I make a livin' showin' off my sideshow-quality mind
Oh he took off
Aw no dogg lay it on me
DISGUISES Oh hell YES
I'll be his hip hop twin Notorious L.I.N.C.O.L.N.
All Adidas and stuff
Uh look Barry I don't have an aquarium or anything like that at my place
Oh my god he's assuming I will buy an aquarium for him
Oh that's just Barry Bass
Sure little guy
Here you go I tried to cover a variety of topics such as a newspaper does
I think me and Molly gonna get our own place
Oh that's right well uh you got to promise to toss away any pics you got of me
Man you know how horrible the camera is to me. All adding ten pounds and an opinion about famous car drivers
Told you so dude just throw them away. It's the Kazenzakis curse
If someone starts to take a photo all the fat in our bodies aims toward the camera. Must be some ultra-primitive response intended to fake that we are wealthy or something.
Oh uh no Ray can't nobody be allergic to chicken It is one of the Basic meats Of no offense to anybody
On the last day of the Bubble Boy's life he asked for chicken yakitori Used the skewer to pop his own bubble
Last thing he said was Awesome thanks for the chicken I loved it so much It was the only pleasure I ever knew
He used sign language to say this to the scientists Everyone who was on hand completely cried their hearts out as the plastic bubble drew tightly across his face Slowly suffocating him
Dogg is heavy metal over I mean did people stop doing that?
Oh man Finland is definitely where stuff goes on its way away from this world.
Oh hee dude you gonna play her to a T man she ain't gonna know what hit her when you rip off that disguise
Why ain't you just try it out man why I got to be on the spot with guesses
I ain't pack that thing man that was your job
Own your situation Ray you goddamn forgot it and now you got to roll anyway
I'm just finishing up the GUI
The graphical user interface
Man don't you know anything about computers
I just think you should know what certain basic things are called
Check it out man I found a PC emulator for old Oregon Trail
Oh wow yeah I bet they hella updated it Let's take a look
Alright so what did I miss while I was on the phone Did you get your horses all shoed
Dang what in the heck Ray How did you get syphilis
_"The next day: A tender letter arrives from Hiram the blacksmith. Do you want to read it?"_
Horatio Nelson Jackson
But Got-DAMN did men used to have some proper-ass names
These were not men who went to Home Depot but then left when they realized they didn't have the balls to ask some lumpy stooge in an orange apron what you'd use to re-attach a ceramic soap dish to a tile wall
When men like this died engravers began licking their lips and the quarry hired a night shift
Birds trembled in place as the sobs of the widow roamed the hillsides and vales
Oh man hee what a kick I got to write a Name Generator of Men out of all this
Quiet man hush Téodor just invented this insane new dance move
oh man Ray now PLEASE you ain't got to imitate Jack White
Ray PLEASE man you ain't need to imitate Jack White
Please man you had so much to drink
Please Ray there's no need
Here just get into the bed
Jack White gets into the bed Ray
Goodnight Ray
Sorry I mean goodnight Jack White
Oh sorry uh I got basically no appetite whatsoever
It's this new gig I mean I thought I would like it and the money is good but it is totally a bad gig
No it's pre-writing obituaries for celebrities who ain't dead yet so they can have somethin' ready to run in a hurry
Since I'm new they got me workin' on the child stars
They say this is the roughest beat and after you prove yourself you work your way up to dudes who are like 89 and have extremely red watery eyes
The money is decent I mean the money is fairly hot at least
Well uh it's kind of small
For a logo I mean
Yeah man hit me with some before I go down that guantlet of smiles
Alright dogg lets get MARRIED! Lets get married to a LADY!
Don't tell me you underwrote his campaign Ray
PSST!
I don't know dogg is this the scariest stuff we can think of
Dang holmes I seen thumbnail avatars with harder action than that Ludovico Technique
I was.
Cars are easy for me. I can drive them.
Doggs I know we got to hurry but damn I mean reckless is no way to play it we got to--
UHHHH UHHH UH-OH OH OH OH OH GUYS GUYS GUYS DOG SHIT DOG SHIT DOG SHIT HELP OHHH GOD OH GOD !
HELP OH GOD OH God ohhh god ohhhh this...juuust...ruuuuuude
Fine yeah I'll drop you off at the movies just tell me when it's a quarter of six
Oh uh dogg you got to get that checked out or you gonna go deaf for certain
Eardrums all explodin' like popcorn
Cochlea all ricocheting off a weather vane and making it spin around
Uh yes helllo
Oh hey Téodor
Well we doin' pretty bad actually
We cracked into a case of Blue Nun widemouths at like 3 AM last night
What was that
Heh heh that's right
"The wine so bad it made the news"
No you CAN'T throw it out the window that is a FEDERAL offense
Not to mention just plain rude
You gotta be sick just be sick in that sheet
I don't think you can hurt its feelings too much more at this point
Man I been hung over before but you take the cake Ray
Oh no uh definitely not
Hold on now you have basically indicated that you want us to have our own place
Man she makes it sound all sing-song but I'm sure there would be all kinds of instances
Roast Beef please don't build a model boat on the dinner table I just set a nice bowl of peaches perfectly in the middle of it
I think it is time we talked about how you like Soundgarden even though I have told you that it is not a good band
Dang that's one thing Pat forgot -- muffins
Lessee what kind of snacks we got here
Dried cranberries UGH some raisins how gross
Man I don't think I could ever get a raisin to go down
Man I don't need no thousand hours of free AOL
No but I think I get the idea
Maybe the lesser animals are finally gettin' their religious mythologies in order
Man that would be so cute I would totally listen to his tiny ideas
Oh man how awesome if the quail bible just had one page and all it said was DON'T EAT MEEEEE !
Oh uh Ray thanks but we have some talking to do
We don't need to urinate
Look if you needed to urinate you could have said so
Man that ain't no riddle
Just an extremely rude personal question
Todd when you see the riddle is it kind of a nasty type thing about private circumstances
You watch too much medical dramas Ray YOU WATCH TOO MUCH MEDICAL DRAMAS!
Uh why Ray what's goin' on
Uh I ain't so much of a Scotch guy You got any of that cool beer you had
You know the kind that was all like FWISSSSH
You got any Huey Lewis albums
Any weed
WELL THEN MAYBE YOU SHOULD INVITE HUEY LEWIS OVER AND OPEN THE WINDOWS
Oh jeez man you got to be kidding me
Man that kind of scratch would be pretty tidy I got to admit
Who's the letter from
Oh good you've turned me into a motivational tool for folks who make the NRA look like a bunch of guys sittin' around a Michigan basement givin' each other titty twisters
Sorry Molly
I was a coward who would desert a dyin' man.
Okay guys uh do you know how to generate your "porn star name"
Well uh it's pretty fun
You take the name of your first pet
And then you take the street you first lived on
And you add them together
You always get something that is extremely humorous
Oh uh it's kind of funny actually
My porn name is "John Holmes"
We had a mouse named John And we lived on Holmes Lane
you are
well uh how rude exactly are we talkin about here Ray
agh!
Man I would totally go to the bathroom on that guy
I don't mean I would actually do it but I am tr
No they already have people.
Oh dang man this sucks but some characters from web comics just showed up
Your activities are so poorly conveyed
I TOLD YOU ASSHOLES I WAS MAKING MOUSSAKA TONIGHT AND WHY YOU AREN'T IN THE KITCHEN IS BEYOND EVEN THE PART OF MY IMAGINATION THAT HAS BEEN SITTING AROUND DRINKING OUZO FOR TWO HOURS!
WHERE ARE ALL OF THE ASSHOLES WHO ARE NOT EATING MY MOUSSAKA!
SHOWBIZ
Showbiz man what the hell You ain't got to lie to us
Look
Alright look here's everything I got
Just take it
Just take it and run
Excuse me
I would like to announce
That if any more bands get famous simply by covering songs off of Disintegration
I am gonna take four shits and die
Also
Anyone born after the McD.L.T. has no business stomping around acting punk rock
Oh dang man some nasty old belly button lint
I wonder what my belly button even looks like up close anyway
Hm no magnifying glass
Nobody's around maybe I'll just use the scanner
Jesus
Jesus I'm just scanning my belly button Ray
Dogg Téodor help I accidentally spent all afternoon watchin' video clips of rally cars plowin' into crowds and I promised to cook a special meal for Molly tonight !
Dude I don't know just tell me what cooks fast and is extremely special !
No man pork chops are too crass for a lady they are a low dish of dudes
Sorry man I'm just all worked up from these videos I mean they got heads poppin' off and dudes just getting creamed fifty at a time and this one ldy even was holding a baby but like this skidding Renault destroyed both of them--
Man I know it ain't smart for me to watch clips like that I mean now I can't even open the oven door without worrying' that a rally car is gonna come shootin' out at me !
Man I ain't gonna call Waiters On Wheels what if I open the front door and a rally car comes shootin' in at me ! ?
Man these wise old crudgens got some points
Smart to pair off so you got a support system when somebody's pelvis turns to Wedgwood or a mind goes soft or you just need to get out of a place
Sad future wheelchair times aside though maybe it's cause you need that bump of ceremony and witnesses to help you not just shove all your favorite hats in a duffel and drive away givin' the finger the first time somebody forgets to pay the water bill for the eighth time
Rely rely rely in times of weakness...why ain't my thoughts of marriage about good times like a Thanksgiving in fifteen years when our kid does a bunch of weed and can't get out of the bathroom and I'm like DAMMIT I MADE ALL THESE POTATOES
Hee that sounds kind of fun all getting to be a weird dad with a Cliff Huxtable sweater and a bunch of ruined potatoes
All sliding handcuffs under the bathroom door and saying DO THE RIGHT THING
Man the hell if I know what even a sip of this soup is I got to jump in with both legs and see what happens when the snowball comes loose from the mountain there ain't no other way
Ain't like I was in danger of cheatin' with Kate Moss in some limo behind Madrid I mean I got to own up that I am a regular man and sometimes a regular man does a regular thing like marry somebody good
OHHH SHIIIIIT!
Dang Philippe thanks for coming I guess today is the big day huh !
Oh crud man wish me luck
OH GOD MAN THIS IS SO WAAAACKYYYYY
Yes dogg that is the baby oh my goodness !
You might be the only guy on earth ever spread brie on a hot dog bun
That don't exactly explain why you tried to eat it
You shouldn't hit on chicks if you have the runs man think about the outcome
Showbiz why are you mentioning Switzerland
Switzerland is a place where old men eat chocolate
Are those the only two foreign places you can think of?
Dogg check it out Molly and me are having a Jack and Diane party
Naw man we all set you ain't got to bring nothin' but yourself
Cool man see you in a few
But I fear the world is not ready to accept the necessary apparel
We have discovered the means to the end of life as we know it
Inside the housing of a large table saw
It ain't exactly like my thatch is sportin' an afro pick and a disregard for people who have to sit behind it at the movie theatre, you know.
Man but what if I wind up on the coroner's slab
He all speaks into his little voice recorder, "Victim is a grey male, thirty to thirty-five, oh my, what's this...
"... a DIY-denuded pubis indicates he was given to fanciful notions about his ability to manipulate the visual drama of his own genitalia...
"Cause of death: a Glen of Imaal Terrier was unable to detect the important mammalian identification pheromones normally locked in the pubic hair and mistook him for a terrified, asexual forcemeat.
Shucks man I don't know about this
Oh uh he is travelling for a while and must have had his mail forwarded here sorry about that
He uh he is partying down in Cozumel
Oh uh maybe you ain't want to go in there I mean uh it ain't too cool in there right now
It ain't the coolest place in town
Jesus woman why are you not getting it
She can't know that my body can create odors like this
She'll never let me roll in the hay again
She'll just think of me as a set of bowels with a laptop
I mean if Romeo had a stench like that they only would have needed like the first three pages of that play
so how do you french anyway
I would but I can't open my mouth inside this helmet
Okay I'm pretendin I'm stickin my tongue out
Okay I'm pretendin that my tongue is all goin crazy
MMM-MMM should I say Thank You or somethin
HE WANTS TO TASTE THE CURB! HE WANTS TO TASTE THE FUCKING CURB!
Whoo boy
Man Ray where in hell did you get a gun
Don't point that thing at me man You know I don't like guns
Highfalutin'
What does that mean modified death
So like the deer is in the champagne room getting an eyeful and suddenly he is shanked
Maybe it's set up more like an "adventure weekend" that goes horribly wrong Like four buddies go hunting and three of them have agreed to sell the last guy to Ottawa Modified Death Maybe he has like buck teeth and a calculator and stuff
How do I know you ain't sold me out to Ottawa Modified Death?
Oh jesus come on dude don't get into that stuff
Man that sounds like some real B.S. Ray
You better not be messin' with me
Oh man that sounds too good to be true
You're talkin' about what would basically be the most important model train layout of all time you realise
Oh man like a little waterfall or riverbed
Okay that's it
Yeah uh Ray uh I was goin' around the property today and figurin' on ways to save you some expenses
Well uh first off behind the gardening shed is just this completely cherried-out '79 Trans Am that no one ever seems to drive
I figure tags and insurance alone each year cost you somewhere in the neighborhood of five biscuits
Yeah, but I mean you I mean look you didn't even remember you had it so why keep it around just leechin' ducats
No, KITT was created from modified early-80s Trans Ams and was not a deep burgundy
Oh no way you got a voice modulator hooked up to a speech algorithm ?!
My name is Roast Beef and wouldn't you know
Ladies and gentlemen put your hands together for ANIMALICIOUS
Now sit back and prepare to have your minds blown away as four complete musical strangers explore the sonic soundscape
Hey buddy you know who I'm drivin' in that sidecar
That's the only son of Rodney Leonard Stubbs
He kicked Envelỏpe Martinez's ass last week
Keep the change amigo
Oh he probably thinks he has some juicy gossip or something
Man who says graphic design is hard that logo took six minutes and it's the best damn graphic design in the world
Alright now just whip up some main card categories that cover the basic aspects of life and let the juice trickle down
Card: Baby I'm Sorry I Said That Kim Jong-Il Gets More Play Than Me
At Least Our Play Is Not Based On Lies About Me Being a Deity
I Never Said I'd Be Great I Mean I Never Even Said I'd Be Capable of Reading the Label of a Shampoo Bottle Without Wondering Which of Us Would Die First
Man who ain't been there
Money in the bank
Oh hey Molly I wrote you some code last night after I took
Oh my god why did I just say that
I shouldn't have brought that up man what am I doing
Oh uh it's nothin' special It probably doesn't even compile I should probably just delete it
Go on and tell her Show some stones for once in your life
Oh well uh remember how we were talkin' about how much spare change you can probably find in your house at any one given moment
Well this applet calculates how much change I'd have around based on annual income and a few spending pattern variables
And then based on that figure it schedules a reservation for us at an appropriate restaurant
I guess what I'm saying is...
Can you be my girlfriend Molly
Oh uh he went to live in an earthen-floor cottage in rural England for a while
It's kind of like a penance 'cause he made me go to Disneyland and I just had a nasty old time of it like I told him I would
All I know is that he's livin' in a humble little where soil comes halfway up the walls outside and he has plenty of time to think
You can check it out he mailed me some letters
Blister god damn it is good to hear from you Man I am so drunk right now
Oh man that's right across the hall!
What the heck man I'm pretty lit up May as well try my hand
Aw shucks baby what's up I'm Roast Beef don't you know
Like I was playin a piano
I shoot my gun and Java be dancin'
UGH nice work Ray
You had to go on a tear dogg You can't just kick three asses and win the Great Outdoor Fight
You didn't fugue you were berserk
Alright so seventeen men besides us still roam the grounds
Dudes left at this point are savin' you as their final fight
Take me down last
Yeah well I knew what I was gettin' into when I came down here
Always wanted to see the fight from the inside though!
Alright looks like the last dude standing is Rudy Cava
Dude has seven older sisters who used to put him down and dress him like a girl
We did not have a good time at Disneyland
Disneyland was wall to wall five-hundred pound mongoloids with leg tattoos and kids named Desteny
Every time we tried to go on a ride the entire cast of Frosting! Th e Musical would trundle in ahead of us and get treats on everything
Well there you go a husky Latino with bad news and bedroom eyes was the best part of our vacation and we weren't even a hungover Avon lady in Vegas
Dang man I saw but you had some signs up let's get this going dogg
This ain't a library two bucks for both boxes
Yeah fifteen for both
Ninety bucks
WAIT yeah man ain't never been filed ain't never been filed it's mint A-1
Nine
Two bucks or go
There's a half stick of Arctic Tsunami one buck no budgin'
I wonder if Santa Claus knew you'd be a crazy piece of shit when you turned fifty
Alright dogg that's everything
Between the two of us we're at eighteen hundo and change
The invisible hand of this particular economy may wear a fingerless glove and write checks at the gas station but damned if this money don't have square edges and a certain legal tenderness
Hey man
Dogg being fat is rough on your triglycerides and metabolism
There was this one interview with Russell Crowe after The Insider where he said that even after losing the weight he put on for that part he-
Man that is so Todd
Did you provoke them?
So what you need an ice pack or something
Hm
The Roomba Robotic Floor Vac.
Dang man it looks like they got Jeff Goldblum writin' the ads AND the OS. Talk about a computer which basically has AIDS.
Damn are those dogs still barking their heads off out there
What the hell are they even saying all this time
I DON'T KNOW
ALRIGHT BUT FIRST I'M GONNA NAIL YOU
DOUBLE-SWEET!
YEAH DID YOU LIKE THAT
Okay dude let's have a see
Man weren't you holding that thing a lot lower and with both hands
That one that Molly framed yeah right
I look like someone just slammed my He-Man fan fiction where He-Man comes over and asks me how to win at Magic The Gathering
Oh dang man is that Molly
Oh uh I um I have this song about to come up on the jukebox
Oh uh baby um uh are you sure if--
Look Phillipe it just isn't going to work with Todd.
Hey I know you really like him and all
I like him too
Me and Todd been knuckleheads since old times
But he'll be a liability further on down the road when folks start lookin' into him
Remember when Todd got put in the newspaper for yellin' at his girlfriend so loud that he had to go to the hospital
...and remember when he made headlines by messin' up his taxes so bad that he almost got lethal injection
Oh uh Gary Sinise definitely That guy is ice
He's that dude from Forrest Gump who didn't have no legs
He ain't in a wheelchair for real man that was all CGI and stuff
Oh dude right he could totally come in and bag on their performance
Hey I got an idea
Why don't we reminisce on things of our childhood
Do you remember such things as hearing that a girl stuffed her bra
Or arguing what a queef was when in private from teachers
I still posit that it is a fake concept
Anybody?
It was also quite astonishing to hear the cusses of 2 Live Crew for the first time
I spent a lot of time thinking about the things that those men said
Sounds like an escapement lost a banking pin and got stuck in an infinite loop Either that or a pallet fork disengaged Better go take a look
Always cleanin' up after other folks Even on my one big day off
Huh well look at that they got magazine ads for breast implants these days
I wonder if Molly would ever get some of these I mean that would probably rock on the whole
Oh my god
Barry's a complainer. How do these guys always find me
Here I am all hangin' out by myself. He offers me a beer. Acts interested in me.
Oh uh I think you got me confused with somebody else who is actually appealing to a lady and would ever have a future which is basically not defined by extreme silence
Well
Shucks man I always thought it'd be some kind of green card type deal
Like maybe she is completely all Chinese and stuff
I could kind of help her out getting started it America
Provide her a nice place to live and such before she gets her business degree and moves on
That's what I see when I close my eyes yeah
oh man dogg old high school terms such as Dirty Sanchez and Cleveland Steamer, also Donkey Punch
man so excellent
Oh man I have this .txt file of a bunch of new terms I came up with over the past couple years just in spare time
along such lines as the Livid Pedro and the Minnesota Timeline
The Livid Pedro: (n) When the boy has had too much tequila and he is just FURIOUS
The Minnesota Timeline: (n) When you see the same lady in two completely different internet photo sets and you notice that she has the same shoes on
Yeah hold on
The Kilty Monroe: (n) This is when a Scottish man walks over a steam grate and the hot air blows his kilt up to reveal his blood pudding
look this ain't the magna carta dude it is just a .txt file
yeah uh you too Ray you too
So... uh...
...so I guess now there is just the small matter of the materials we discussed?
!
Dang man it looks like they got Jeff Goldblum writin' the ads AND the OS
Talk about a computer which basically has AIDS
Showbiz this is my wedding we're talking about not some apartment party where you sit around drinking Mexican brain detergent !
This wedding isn't about you you dickhead and if you fuck it up I will personally walk down from the altar and hit you with a folding chair in between "I" and "do"
AND THEN INSTEAD OF A FIRST DANCE I WILL BEAT YOU WITH A FOLDING CHAIR WHILE THE DJ PLAYS "FOOLS RUSH IN" !
Two old knuckleheads swillin' Christian Brothers all last dudes standin' at the Great Outdoor Fight
If this was any more right you would be Liv Tyler
Well if it wasn't for you I'd die never knowin' the Fight
Oh my god
Tall and lean Sharp and clean
With him there's no inbetween
It's--
Well who's ready for some roasted-up ding dong!
Basically yes
Oh I was all nervous Molly
If you're so good for men then figure out what to do with this poor little guy
I'm sorry little dude
Does the pope drop a deuce in a wooden room?!
Woman we ain't need some blanket! I ain't gonna see none of it happen!
Oh crap outta practice gonna cash my ticket too soon no no no no no we just started dammit
Time to bring on the ugly thoughts
A...a kid hits a terrible baseball shot in the big game... no...
...dammit...usually I got a million of these...
Maybe there's somethin' awful on the News...
Calm down Ray
No it's pretty decent
That always conflicts with this one Windows .dll
What do you mean
Can't say I read too much about folks gettin' it on Asleep Style no
Did it work
ooohhhhhh mmmmman I am whizzin' real good now
aw crud man
Yeah um what is it this is Roast Beef
What are you snickerin' about Ray
What do you mean you can always hear it in my voice
Well yes then if you really must know it was actually goin' pretty well thank you
Check it out Téodor I found some old promotional photos of Pat's dad Simon in my boxes
See how much they look like each other
They used to do this act called Dreamwheel And The Child
Oh cool here's their show flier
Oh uh when Simon came out of the closet Pat did not handle it well I mean he was so furious he made him move to Portland
Pat shipped all his stuff there and rented him an apartment
I mean Pat was like extraordinarily mad
Simon is kind of a soft soul so he just went with it figuring things would get better in time
Dude do you think we should show him the pictures ?
Huh yeah you're right this is actually a pretty typical thing to do in Photoshop I mean I think they even finally added a special filter
You mean like hold a false Thanksgiving ?
Hi Simon this is Roast Beef from the neighborhood !
Oh heh no I ain't been doin' much Logo codin' these days I mean like the turtle just sits there and he is totally glarin' at me !
Well my Pascal has basically changed into crud I mean a crab on the beach has it as a big hot meal instead of a dead tern nearby
Oh hey Téodor that is a boss new machine dogg. Did you build it yourself like a straight player.
Oh dang dogg this machine is chubby
Oh Jesus please tell me Photoshop didn't just launch in under four seconds. Please lord have mercy on this one man's soul.
Hee hee man oh unbelievable! This one comes in up to a D-cup. Man that is so big!
Oh my god unbelievable!
Oh crud Ray a guy is here to visit my mom we got to get scarce!
Oh uh why hello Molly
Guess who stopped by the Duty Free and picked up his 'n' hers copies of the new Wired!
There's this neat articles about information-poor interfaces. Oh and there's a humor essay by a writer from that McSweeney's whatever it is. It's kind of self aware and overwrought but it's better than most of the ads.
Hee hee yeah they really are uncomfortable around the stuff.
I know it's like they're playing among the ruins of a once-great literary culture that is no longer relevant and struggles for justification!
Dang man and but don't I need a good time
Oh yeah dogg just let me at the bar I'm gonna tinker with myself 'til I say only promises
This is MY bachelor party and I am gonna get WRECKED UP!
It is DUDE'S DELIGHT!
Oh hee hee already some pee in front of the toilet man this party is gonna be off the hook
Let's see what Ray's got in the fridge to get this party started
Oh damn he ain't moved his humectants to the cooler in the garage yet
Just open it dude
Right I figure this is basically the only card I even need to have in my Dude-to-Dude card line because no guy will ever get used to getting a card from another guy
And since you don't sign it dudes can pass these cards around for generations which is nice
Oh good point but uh I mean maybe they don't sign the card in the conventional manner since that is like way too baring of the emotions
oh my god
with the cammer 427
657 bhp
banned in six states
You so lucky Ray
This is such a good car
oh my gosh You kiddin' me
no way
no way... no...
way
Oh man
The car from Peel-Out Summer
What in the HELL
Oh man if Tori Amos was here right now she would need so many hugs from me
Oh incredible she tracked me down !
Well look at me all in my shirt my lady bought me !
Oh man I don't know about this What are people gonna say
Well Sure Todd I would be happy to
It's good to see you filin' early that is dope
Alright first you basically got to declare your income and how you come by that income
Hm that's definitely gonna raise a red flag Let's just say you're a private contracter
And how much money did you make last year
Well that particular figure is very important here
We can't really move foward without it
Oh you don't want to go makin' stuff up
You gonna get audited if you do
That's when a man comes to your house and he just looks at you
He just looks at you and he knows that you lied
Come on Ray can't you even figure out the parental controls for your own damn TV. Sex Limo starts in like six minutes.
Half a million huh. More like ON or OFF.
How about I just go watch it at my place since you such a dummy.
Oh uh this is Milklin and he is havin' just terrible luck gettin' converts
Maybe you could give him some of your business advice Ray
Come on Ray Friendly up
Oh dang are they playing tonight I didn't even know
So this is it Heaven
Wow they even know I don't like my first name
Oh my god I could stretch out for days on that futon
Dang they got a whole wall full of my favorite old books
The whole Nate Small series Original 1930's hardback edition
Wonder what's in the fridge
Guinness, bread and butter
Good _night_
Check it out man I found a PC emulator for the old Oregon Trail.
Oh wow I bet they hella updated it.
Lets take a look.
Alright so what did I miss while I was on the phone
Dang what in the heck Ray How did you get syphilis
"The next day: A tender letter arrives from Haram the blacksmith. Do you want to read it?"
OK Phillippe it's time to work on your campaign some more
Ok it's getting closer to the summer campaigning season so maybe let's work on that a little today
Good then now what is your opinion on the socialization of health care
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh
Oh uh sorry babe can't let up got to make this money while i still got famousness
Alright so let's see I got Darren in the Evening at KDLS and then Mike in the Morning at KHST and in the twelve hours between I can pump our maybe six dozen real good new cards
Oh hee sure almost but uh no thanks I got to come up with some new cards for this greeting card line I got that's doin' OK lately  Dang man but look at those union curves...
Oh heh you must mean "Our Marriage is Like a Dead Dog
Man that is crazy 'cause yes I am and thank you
Well Sure Todd I would be happy to
It's good to see you filin' early that is dope
Alright first you basically got to declare your income and how you come by that income
Hm that's definitely gonna raise a red flag Let's just say you're a private contracter
And how much money did you make last year
Well that particular figure is very important here
We can't really move foward without it
Oh you don't want to go makin' stuff up
You gonna get audited if you do
That's when a man comes to your house and he just looks at you
He just looks at you and he knows that you lied
Let's see if I can spend five minutes not thinkin' about this damn wedding
Man it sounds like fool season opened up today
Why does this...
Yeah uh you tell him this is one hell of a way to announce that he'll be in town for my wedding
Uh I know how you like to play media mogul Ray but I don't think we can run with this Todd Show thing
I just typed up his list of ideas from our brainstorming session and it looks pretty bad
If we let Todd just do what he wants like this he'll burn out and die from problems dude!
So uh what's up with this rabbit of yours Pat
Dang man whenever you used to see a bunny in your garden you would cold draw your .22
Little tiny brains all over the radicchio
Little rabbit ambulance takin' the body away
All Fuzzy little tail on the ambulance
Ambulance all employing the principles of hopping instead of rolling
Ray! RAY! Where you at man
Man Ray you a shambles What the hell man where's your underpants
Oh god flush the toilet once in a while why don't you You my most disgusting friend you know that
Man things ain't never the same once you seen a dude's stew
Conditions did not favor it no
Ramses Luther seems more like a he-finds-you type of dude
Come on Ray the guy broke all the Fight rules his first time around
All standin' with no army and bustin' non-traditional moves
Now he sees his boy breakin' rules that ain't even written and makin' his own besides
Got to stir a familiar nerve in his old neck
That is completely a thing
Our every move is the new tradition
Eat ten pounds of lamb at Kronos Cafe over in Wasco
My uncle George runs it
Even when open Uncle George's cafe is essentially closed
Hi Uncle George this is my friend Ray
We lookin' to do a bang-up feast Uncle George we ain't eaten well in some days
We're getting food delivered to your restaurant ?
Ooo b-doobie wop
What you watchin' T
Probably something like OH MAN I THOUGHT WE WERE BEST FRIENDS I MEAN WHAT IN THE HELL MAN WHY I GOT TO GET IN THE MISSILE
Hm little plaque on its base all THIS HOUSEWARMING GIFT IS FROM THE PEOPLE OF PLANET EARTH. IT IS A "DEAD DOG."
Dude this was in an age when we still believed that the Chinese were clay goblins who could speak with the sand
Strappin' that dog to the INSIDE was probably more of an aerodynamic than an ethical concern
They haven't done that for the last half hour though so if these guys are kidding they are like Andy Kaufman good
CUT IT OUT YOU TWO DON'T YOU KNOW THERE'S A WAR ON!
Man if every gay porn had a celebrity bust through the wall you could sell to both gay AND straight markets
Dang what happened
Oh man I had this great apartment in heaven and there was this perfect lady
No no dang it man it couldn't have been a dream
Whoah what's this
Huh?
uh...
Oh crap Ray now they raisin' the gate here they come man what the hell we gonna do ?
Ray NO man now ain't the time !
Dang Ray since when you got a clue of how to talk about computers man that is bomb! You got some serious grace!
Dang man listen to you all cock of the walk!
Man what is that nonsense now
Dang man how can you tell
Naw man looks pretty usual to me
No seriously if you're going to run America you need to know about Canada
Canada ain't pretend it has an enormous GDP
Is this really the attitude you're taking to the election?
Oh uh sorry but you know I ain't never really been a fruit and yoghurt guy.
Man please don't the last thing I need today is drama pipes.
Alright okay man I get it is there like a special type of stuff I can eat to get you back
Okay alright uh do you want me to like Fletcherize the beans or anything
Heh oh man did that backfire I got so weirded out and she cried
So you can really hear all that stuff huh
Alright go man do it
Yes man yes just do it
Jesus Christ man why we got to do this part of the movie why not like gunships or just a meal scene
Jesus CHRIST
Hey listen John me and the boys invented Photoshop
Sorry yeah uh you can put like a picture of a guy on the computer screen and write like THIS DUDE BLOWS under his face etc
You just type them like a word processor it's neat
You can also use the airbrush to draw such as a hat
Oh no thanks man I just ate about fifty Rolos
Dogg don't piss on me I just invented Photoshop!
Oh no it's today
Jesus I hope wise guys have never put anyone's head in a deep-fryer
Oh god and how many screaming children are being drowned by their own mothers right now
Wait stop breathe breathe
ULURRRGH!   Oh god the heaves
OK I'll go puke in Ray's Escalade no one hears that
I still have some double-wall plastic bags hidden in the Economist in the seatback holder
Oh wait I used them all I forgot ! I got to lose it in the small area between the hot water heater and the golf shoe cleaning system
Dang man if that ain't a sign I got to up and buy a real wedding ring
Check the old bank balance maybe transfer some stuff around since the diamond industry got me teed up like a damn Titleist
Whoah ain't checked Drudge Report in like two hours got to catch up real quick
Huh look at that Robert De Niro weighs 183 pounds that seems reasonable
I wonder how much Robin Williams weighs
Wait no I don't I wonder how much Billy Crystal weighs
What does Billy Crystal even look like these days
Whoah man look at that dude I wonder if at some point his face is gonna have loosened from makin' so many smirks that he can just stick his fingersinto where the cheek meets the sideburn and tear the whole thing off
What's that suitcase for Ray
That's ridiculous
Ain't no way two cats can drive a dang car in public
Well I guess that's true
But what about the car it would be impounded
I don't know Ray I could see this turnin' out pretty badly
I DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE AMERICA BUT I'M COMIN' TO FIND YOU!
Woah dogg is a teacher here
How come
Huh well let's just see about that shall we
She checks out OK
That is some sweet beans Ray Anyhow the reason that I called is that I just got the new Chris Isaak album and I haven't even opened it yet
word
These guitar notes are so good dude
Sorry guys uh her car has been pretty bad lately and uh maybe she had to get a taxi
Here comes the airplane headed for the zoo
All that means is some kisses for you
Oh dang uh we got Horatio Hornblower plus Sex and the City and nutty old Monk
Oh lame baby I would not do that I would not go set up a DVD with my buns all showin'!
Heck of lame!
I ain't gonna fire up my U-Hauls just to carry my junk six feet! That is certainly Wasteful!
Doth our lover's potpourri befoul m'lady's honker?
Oh now just what in hell is this
Better not be no love letter from a snake
DAMMIT it is !
Who in hell says you can't park here ?!
Crap now I got to go contest this DAMMIT
Man this is actually a pretty decent rocket ship Pat made
So long dang old Earth
Wow man
Here I come dogg
Aww nuts man Pat's cell phone is in here
Hello
Man Pat you don't gotta talk to me like they teach you in that class for people with too much anger
Oh hold on for a second would you please
I am about to land on the moon and must concentrate
No you don't mean it
Alright be strong and no matter what just get the win
Check it out Ray
Apparently Charles Mingus at one point wrote a little pamphlet on how to get a cat to use the toilet
Ain't that odd
What are you gonna do with the rocket ship now that you got it done Pat
Have you always had like a dream of that or something
Take me with you Pat
Leave me there
Goodbye everybody
Man I am just a real shit of a dude
Maybe I got to take like a course at the community college
Try to improve somewhat
Let's see what they got to offer here
aw Ray you know I don't plan on comin home anytime soon
oooh nice
did she let you french her
man I wish I could ever french a lady
I don't know what it is man I really like the idea of frenchin' when I'm all alone
But get me in front of a lady and it's like "Whoah get me in front of my computer instead cause I really feel like programmin' it right about now"
How'd you get the name Ray
Well it's real simple
When I was born I wasn't really developed all the way
They couldn't tell if I was gonna be a man or a lady...
But they thought probably a lady
No...no they didn't
They named me...
Cassandra
Alright I'll take care of it just give me some time with Téodor and the printer
TASTE THE VALUE, CRAVE THE FLAVOR! FREE SANDWICH AT CARRBORO'S! GET YOUR COUPONS HERE! THE LAST HONEST MEAL!
Oh man you know I get all clopsy on the Scotch
...oh WHOOOOO'S the guy... ...GUEST-STARRING in his own life...
Man you know my opinion on marriage is that it is a concept invented by friends who want free appetizers
Dang man no but I believe it
She's always remembering things I say
Damn man what you're talkin' about is basically a thing
Still though man slippery slope to a cradle and a mortgage and a grave
Oh hey vaguely rememberable brunette guy
Hey other guy who basically looks like me and has the same funny energy
Guess this is our last show huh
Yeah and you love that one lady and I love the other lady and we all have a baby now it is perfect
Wait are you saying that our entire series was a huge prime time dry hump
Hold on do you mean that Friends was written by a freshman dorm who were all giggling under a huge comforter with flashlights and iBooks
All nervously losing their spoon virginity to the dim flicker of the Apple Quicktime trailer of Shrek
'til I get tired of it
I love geometry Ray
Well
JESUS CHRIST CAN YOU BELIEVE IT COSTS TEN THOUSAND CLAMS TO GET MARRIED ?!
I mean there are hidden fees behind hidden fees!
There are hidden fees which can't conceptually exist until an initial hidden fee is enacted !
There is even this one hidden fee hidden behind some drapes and you can only see its damn shoes !
It costs seventy-eight damn bucks just to get the official marriage license!
Are you kidding me ?! The government even gets a cut when i LOVE somebody ?
Goths man huh like dang old Arachnea Gehenna from high school times
All showing that it was just like seven thirty-five PM which ain't exactly too petrifying of an hour
Maybe the hour of playing a Bauhaus tape and pulling a quarter out of your ear but yes definitely no witching
Man you got to realize that Goths reject the normal ideas of society and success
So uh has Einstein spoke much through you today
Ray uh maybe we should talk for a small bit about this channeling thing
Dogg in three days you only talked to him that one time so far. Maybe it was like subconscious mind signals or just such as regular mind noise
Oh no uh not me man Einstein's work led to the atom bomb
I mean uh if you think it is rad to have the blood of 200,000 Japanese on your hands then rock on. Personally though all the crickets in the night would sound to me like the screams of melting schoolchildren
Ray man what in hell are you doing here ?!
I... how in hell do you know the score man what in the hell ?!
Oh man no wonder she poured so much Chivas in my noggin she was tryin' to get knocked up by a scratch-havin' man !
Dogg how did she know I was a trashy beginner rich guy ?
God wait though man I cheated on Molly man I CHEATED ON MOLLY !
I think I basically got to be broke for Molly's sake man I can't have stewardesses constantly diving for my hog the rest of my life
Gosh man uh how about we use it to endow a home for wrecked-up dudes and women who been messed with
Hm maybe finally get some medical insurance
I mean I don't want to seem all cocky and falutin' so maybe just a real basic plan where like if I die they put me in a coffin
Oh man I got to know what she looks like in that underwear she must be wearin'
Oh yes I will
I guess it's the only thing that I'm really good at
This spreadsheet would tell a person when they needed to buy eggs or milk
Based on how much eggs or milk they started with
I also wrote a function that calculates how much hash browns to make
Shucks Todd. I ain't seeing no hidden page in this menu.
Cornelius tries to put the smooth on Chickenhead Mary with a pickup line from John Donne
Dude needs mane
What's this
What's a...hot pot?
I don't really like...meals
What's the matter with them Ray
Oh my
Shucks Ray I'm sorry
I fried them I guess basically at seven this morning
Yes basically around seven
Ray did you ever maybe think that these crummy chimihangas are my way of reaching out for help dammit
Oh uh why hello Molly
Guess who stopped at the Duty Free and picked up his 'n' hers copies of the new Wired!
There's this neat article about information-poor interfaces... Oh and there's also a humor essay by a writer from that McSweeny's whatever-it-is...It's kind of self aware and overwrought but it's better than most of the ads
Hee hee yeah they really are uncomfortable around the stuff
I know it's like they're just playing among the ruins of a once-great literary culture that is no longer relevant and struggles for justification!
Alright T-dogg let's uh let's see that big magnum opus wedding menu you been geniusin' on for so many days
Oh no dogg uh this is great you totally did a nice job
Well it's just like uh I mean this menu has a bigger carbon footprint than the '88 Olympics
Can't we use ingredients that are native to this area and stuff
Don't be a prima donna dude this is my wedding and plus nobody in my family is gonna understand this food
I GOT ENOUGH TO WORRY ABOUT WITH OUT YOU BEIN' A VITTLES BITCH! YOU ARE -OFF- THIS ASSIGNMENT!
Oh wow crud man no wonder I never smoke this stuff
All that and I don't even feel a thing
Pat how do I land this thing
Uh yeah I just pressed it and it made some classical music play
Oh uh hey Molly I didn't know you were going to call me just now
So uh how have things been going at Applebee's and also with Tina
Yes I'm eating well
Oh you know lots of bran and usually a zucchini at 2pm like the magazines say How about you are you eating well
Bran looks like... it is these small green pellets
Okay fine I haven't been eating bran No I don't think I need to lie to you about that kind of thing I'm sorry Alright fine I'm not sorry I'll talk to you later
I've heard that yeah
Well the taster probably operated on the understanding that if the king died an he didn't they'd go ahead and kill him too.
Kings were raw.
Just punch hell of suckers in the mouth and tell chicks straight up that you like them
Schools are exactly designed to keep dudes from becoming kings
Ray! RAY! Where you at man
Man Ray you a shambles What the hell man where's your underpants
Oh god flush the toilet once in a while why don't you You my most disgusting friend you know that
Man things ain't never the same once you seen a dude's stew
Dang dogg I mean my body is cruddy to the max maybe this is finally the time you know
But also like ain't your club fancy and a man can't wear a tank top with an insect diagram
Oh man what if this is a thing
Whoah that dude has good thighs
Rockin' thighs dude!
Dang so this is like looking over his shoulder in real-time
Now he's Googlin' for a picture of a motorcycle
and shrinks the browser all down real small
The eagle has landed
The...the cows all came home
...the Pepperidge Farm delivery man is in his car and is on his way to your house
Dammit Ray this is Beef
Lyle your yeast didn't bloom dogg I mean this is a top drawer failure by any measure in the book
Alright not only did Cornelius buck the rules but he made a recipe that his dead first wife taught him before we were born
Alright Ray if you're gonna donate money to the Philippe campaign we gotta make sure your books are all in order
Okay let's see here
Why did you send a check for $10,000 to "Oreos"
Okay alright
Now every month I see a $900 check made out to "V.I.P. Entertainment Concepts"
What is that all about
Oh yes definitely
Oh my god Ray do you mean -
Dogg what is this I'm hearing around the water cooler about you entering the Great Outdoor Fight
Attention Workers it has been 127 days since our last dumbest workplace sentence
Dude no way!
Serious dude in the 1973 Fight your dad pioneered some of the rawest moves in modern brawling!
Threw a beer through Carl Veldt's head...
Tore off Fancy Mark Clancy's entire middle...
Oh necessarily
Uh Showbiz is there something you want to tell me
I mean about this collections letter from Rockford Fosgate car audio
It came for you in the mail.
I thought you said you had squared away all this debt with them
It's okay Showbiz okay now we can help you out you just to go let us
Maybe if you sell your car plus this speaker gear you can cover all your debts in spite of depreciation
Oh uh Ray uses it as an elevator when he's feelin' cranky and doesn't want to use the stairs
Man when we were kids we used to play make believe for hours in here
Ray would pretend he was Mel Gibson and jump out of it and hit me with a bat
Or like I would pretend I was a bag of garbage and he would lower me to the basement
I guess I am kind of ashamed of this but he also let me watch some of his early sex havin' from in here
I mean technically he locked me in here and MADE me watch but whatever you know I wasn't really busy
!
I'm sorry Ray
Well uh I could just get you some potato chips
That amount of jalapenos is kinda like my emotions right now
Ugh oh man why you let him sell you that damn Jalapiñata Triple-Spiced Finisher's Power Plate
I mean Jesus who ever heard of havin' a extra entrée as a "cool-down" before dessert. Ugh I hate myself so much right now
Dogg you know I got mad crazy guilt about wastin' food
How costly was that trough call anyway. I figure about $147 with the conveniently suggested tip
Damn that is some scratch
I go to a taco truck. I order three tacos. They cost three dollars. My Fiesta Name is Pendejo. I still have enough money left over for a large Dr. Pepper and Lesotho.
ok ok ok what's up
huh everything alright
!
correct
because you feel like when i stride down that aisle i'm stridin outta your life
chaka's big trick is that he ain't take on complicated clients
seriously man remember when he agreed to treat that tiny sad piece of bored hair
temper temper
ok sorry's a start now say that you cherish my face
CHERISH ME. NOW.
WALLOW IN YOUR CHERISHES
CRADLE THE CHAMBER OF MY FERTILE PAIN
on nice
over in 2
Cash
Guy wouldn't even LOOK at my credit card
Why you askin anyway
Oh my god
Ray don't tell me you made PICKLES in this bed
Take it out into the woods and shoot it I guess
A turd with a bullet in it ain't exactly 5 O'Clock News Ray
Yeah well ain't it just rad that you had sex a bunch of times in high school
At least Spanish will serve me for the rest of my life
Congratulations a^2=b-1
Showbiz died
uh hello who is it please
Ray is that you man it's like four o'clock in the morning
Oh my god he's sleep-chillin'!
Dang I wonder catches in your throat harder than a cashew or a nasty old peanut
Holy christ the only anagram of "cashew peanut" is "wet, cheap anus!"
I got to call Ray
He would want to know
Well I can but I don't know about the rest of you picks-up-the-mouse-between-pushes types uh why do you ask
That sounds good to me Let's eat
Huh no sir I ain't--
First part of any good hack is through misdirection
Gonna rain down a DOS storm from some false Brunein IPs
Scan all ports in reverse Fibonacci sequence and run T.I.C.K.L.E scripts
Cause seventeen ham pizzas to be delivered to the Yahoo Network Operations Center in Sunnyvale
...the deliverman: a one Mr. R. Beef Kazenzakis
PIZZA'S HERE!
Dang man Pat I love on chocolate-covered cherries
Uck pthaw what man what the hell is that that ain't chocolate-covered cherries
That flavor was insanely raunchy
Alright man Hell yes let's do this
Oh uh hey Showbiz listen I have some good news about Molly and me--
We are getting married this summer and--
Molly does not produce milk Showbiz
Showbiz I said that my girlfriend's body is not lactating I did not say that we could no longer "party" or sit around and borrow money from me
That son of a bitch is lying to my face so that nothing disturbs his handout structure will I've HAD IT dammit WHAT HAS HE EVER DONE FOR ME!
Look Showbiz if you want some cash you can be a busboy or pick up litter at the wedding that's my only offer
But where do they go from here Trouble Man?
Man how do I get on down back there to see her can you help me
Oka-
Dang man is he braggin'
How do robots get it on anyway
Well would you look at that
Classic Ray
Old School all the way
Good thing I saw that 7-11
V8, Miller Lite and raw egg
There is balm in Gilead
Hey Ray uh how does the rhyme for rememberin' the calorie amount in Champagne go
Holy crap Tina what is this ?
Oh uh not too good Did I keep snoring
Man I had all these horrible dreams
Like in one an atom bomb went off not too far away and it lit up the sky and shook the earth more terrible than you can imagine
My first instinct as the mushroom cloud rose higher and the wind grew hot and fast around me...
was to check Yahoo News
-.. -.- ..-- ... --- .-.. - -.- -.- .. ...
"Dogg did you convert the alt text to speech output today heh dang it was mucho-fuxxed"
"No I didn't oh but hey can your please re-forward me that recipe for opening a can of cherries"
Hello
Uh hello Pat are you home
Pee-yew man what is that stench
Smells like someone sauteéd a raccoon
Pat are you here it's Roast Beef
I'm returnin' that Noam Chomsky video you made me rent from you
I only watched like six minutes of it so I guess I should get like at least a partial refund
Well if he isn't here he can't charge me to use the toilet
Oh my god what the hell he even locks it when he's not home !
Hold on I think that smell is coming from in there
Oh dang it is
All wreckin' and smashin' my junk on the crossbar
All unable to breathe for eleven minutes
Vas Deferens all filling with blood
My dang old bozack was swole up like a little angry plum most of the time
Picture THAT if you would
Throbbin' kinda slowly at first
Then more quickly as I get closer to the jump
oh crap oh goodness
Maybe you should put the pants back on the dancin' Santa
Dogg you ain't even got diabetes you just predisposed to it 'cause you eat a wedge of brie in the manner of pie
French dudes also walk several miles each way to buy an artichoke or a fig
Last I checked you'd circle for twenty extra minutes just to get a parkin' spot directly in front of the store
Oh man you totally park like a bitch since forever You park like a bitchy-bitch bitch-bitch You park like you are the main bitch in all the land
Seriously when men see your car-parking technique they go "I bet I have no chance with a bitch as nasty as that" But when you get out of the car the men go huh I guess it was no bitch at all just a bitchy-bitch bitch man
Oh hee man you can take THAT to the bank
Man what the hell here who left some jinkety-assed homescript media player open on my damn computer?!
Holy daikon root Batman
Man this is like what they let out behind a dragster
Or such as they would use to tell the direction of wind at a simple rural airport
It could also be used to hold about seven lemons Or by zoo workers who need to safely handle an electric eel
Oh man she wants to go to a bed and breakfast
What is with a bed and breakfast anyway
All some husband who got talked into running a bed and breakfast cooking "not chef"-quality scrambled eggs when you smile into the dining room
All no man in the world understanding the appeal of anything that is happening
So Jim it says here that when you retired your wife talked you into opening a bed and breakfast
So these days you get up at six a.m. to scramble eggs for people who think it's a real high time to sleep in a room full of your wife's cheap antiques ?
Vase of dried hydrangeas, vase of dried acanthus, or vase of dried rununculas ? which would you rather throw at your wife ?
Since the operation do you notice that you are less aggressive and don't mark the furniture as much ?
Man what would make this quesadilla really tasty is some dashes of hot sacue
Jesus Ray why don't you just throw my food away and mace my mouth
All selling it in a canister with a belt clip
Logo all an actual photo of a German Shepherd named Yard Dancer being destroyed by the county
All coming with a DVD of those internet video clips where like third-world people explode dynamite under elephants
Soundtrack all just "Yesterday" by the Beatles
Man I was digging through all my old kid stuff in the attic this morning man
Check this thing out
Three dudes can't 69 man think about it
Well uh dogg I mean uh you a straight-up ass man 'til end of days.
Oh dogg are you serious are you swingin' the other way
Maybe we ain't meant to draw from the same well our whole lives you know
Maybe it's the divine plan that you finally graduatin' on up
uh huh yeah cool uh you'll want to do that while he's re-centering his chakra.
Has his eyes closed and takes about six minutes.
There ain't no honour in any category where this guy is concerned trust me.
Just have fun with it
She's the last one on the list Come on Ray
You won't need it
Oh man what do you want
Okay fine how does a stomach like to party
ULLURGH! BLUUURGH!
Oh man don't do that it ain't cool
NO no wait okay uh what can I do to make you not do that
Alright cool I mean tit for tat right anything else I can send on down
Man I hate cranberry juice that stuff just curdles on the tongue
Alright cool I'll drink cranberry juice but maybe this weekend can you let a burger and some poppers slide
Oh man just like spelling bee day
Not much Barry
How about you
Oh uh I didn't want to catch anything
I just like being out here
So you're married huh
Dang that is like my favorite beer ever
Was this before or after Janeane finally called
Man I am sick of all this bull crap
I think I'm gonna take a "me" day
Go on down to the underground and live it up Beef-style
I got MY way of doing things and MY way of lookin' so PISS OFF
So I heard you're monk dimin' Ray that is rough miles
That must have been a raw while man
Oh uh the hair definitely
Yeah man all pretendin' to be engrossed in the Reader's Digest Large Type Edition with your legs crossed for three hours
God what is with all these idiotic categories why ain't every dang card just blank inside
Man I think I'll start my own damn card company I mean it ain't like everybody don't got the same basic ruined life as me and need the same damn cards!
I'm Sorry I Forgot All Kinds of Stuff About You; I Was Having a Panic Attack
I'm Sorry I Freaked Out On Red Bull And Made You Call The Doctor
Sorry About Yesterday
I'm Sorry I Pretend That I Don't Read The Drudge Report
Some Trashy White People Named Their Baby Jaylen? Dammit Woman Some Of Us Have Work To Do (inside) I'm Sorry Baby Look I Been Real On Edge Lately
Sorry I Said "Ta-Da!" When I Jumped Out Of The Shower After Whining About Having An Embolism All Day I Know I'm A Roller Coaster
Oh uh no thanks dogg I ain't like weed or or softball or teams on the balance
So why you whinin' at me then man I mean I knew your mom was a bitch but I didn't know she had a puppy
I will only join your team if I can play inside a plexiglass chamber that has little baby incubator arms so I can grill
Look uh Showbiz Ray is in pretty bad shape
You know any place we could go to freshen up for the night
ugh
Part of loving a woman is accepting Sting
Wait "stay with me" "be my love" "gold" she knows
I better do this before I wake up all the way
Molly will you marry me
Well uh well shucks Ray
How do you explain that you so good at the piano all of a sudden
I know you never played a lick of music before
Man think of all the other things you might be good at
Oh now you just kiddin' me Please stop it
Aw no man
My code is a dog's code
It could never make a lady weep
Not like piano music
Ray please man don't do this
Man why'd you bring that AIBO over here
You leave that thing here and it's on eBay faster than you can say Seller Pays Shipping
Huh is that a USB port Maybe he can be of use after all
Alright it looks like his Rectus sheath is punctured and he's leakin' interstitial fluid
I don't think it clots no so we got to plug this up quick
Do you have uh do you got like one of those lady things in your purse
Jesus Tina a TAMPON !
Dang these things got a lot smaller since my mom used to use them
She was always luggin' around these 3 Musketeers-size ones that had like a cardboard ejector chute and Charles Bronson on the package
OK wow good it looks like this fits perfectly now we just need somethin' to hold it in place you got like a band aid or anything else adhesive
"It's not easy being Vagina Products MacGyver," thought Vagina Products MacGyver, as the harpy baselessly trashed his crotch chops.
Well I guess today is the big day Phillipe!
What do you mean I see all kinds of folks
I brought all my imaginary friends from childhood!
Phillippe I would like you to meet Thigh Bone
and Small Talk
This is Montmartre, he came over with Freddie Fractions
Montmartre where are Woman-Man and Mr. Tears
Oh my god
They both suicided?
Huh Milklin so like you been havin' a rough time of getting people to be Jehovah's Witnesses
How did you make a livin' before you set out on this
Oh man I would love me a deli sandwich
Wonder if I can call all my dude at home on that old-school pay phone
Hey Philippe this is Beef! Guess where I am calling you from!
Here's a hint: it's where the Devil lives!
Have you ever done cocaine Lyle
I have done cocaine
The next morning I went to look over all the code I thought I had written while high
But instead of code it was a business plan for a restaurant chain that would compete with Romano's Macaroni Grill by featuring a waterfall in the main dining area
What in the heck was that all about then
Ooh dang maybe that's Ray's car
Yep
Only one dude I know drives around with a bucket of Colonel and a pint of dippin' gravy
RAY YOU IN HERE
Sheesh Ray
First of all your royalty got to be a percentage not a flat fee
And you got to include provisions for future buyout privileges
Plust it don't even say nothin' about sales performance bonuses
Oh hell now
You just readin' the part that's in bold
Alright well the first thing you do is juxtapose two unrelated concepts
No uh not at all um more like Emeril committing a crime
It's surprising because he is so nice!
Alright Todd on Ray's signal go ahead and start the bit
Ray what in the hell was that all about
Oh man not my thing but okay
Bruno was the baddest pit bull in the yard. He wasn't clipped, so he looked like a brown watermelon with nuts. Did the chick dogs want him? Yeah, they wanted him. But he had some wine to taste. Expensive-ass wine from the Asian steppes.
Bruno paused. He turned a little and looked at his nuts in the mirror.
"Now that's what I'M talkin' 'bout," he said.
What's the idea
Sounds like you think you gonna do it
Hey uh listen Ray I got to drive to downtown San Francisco and pick some stuff for Molly
Yeah man uh you got any hulls
Cool thanks
Yikes man
Think so
Don't you lecture me cracker
Sure I'll pick up some shampoo what kind do --
Dang the signal cut out Better get something though cause she said she wanted to take a shower before work
Strawberry and Brazil Nut?
Man what kind of nonsense is this I mean do you put it on your head or do you put it on some damn ice cream ?!
oh my god with the cammer 427 657 bhp banned in six states
You so lucky Ray This is such a good car
oh my gosh You kiddin' me no way
no way... no... *way*
Oh man The car from *Peel-Out Summer*
Jesus Molly I -- Dang these are -- these are really well-made
What's with the long piece protruding off the front though
The armature has a nice cantilever weight The cotton lining is cool too I mean you wouldn't expect these to feel this good I'm surprising myself by liking them so much
No brain tumors *exactly* And if you ain't got your phone you can just put lycopene-rich ketchup in there for dippin' fries
Oh man check out your Pinewood Derby car Ray
Oh man it is perfect in every way
Oh god this isn't working at all
Oh god this is ruined this is RUINED
Man what is going on here Oregon trail didn't used to get it on with you
I got to take al ook at the code base and maybe figure this out
Oh my goodness look at all these extra modules
wow
whoah insane
Oh wow uh that is juvie for sure man that is stealin' in the main
Oh Jesus Ray they all still in shrink wrap bundles man plus there's no light in here I mean why couldn't you do this part
Okay sir uh yes sir
Are you getting an idea for your next children's book from this Cornelius
If I wanted to mock you I would be spinning off sonnets about wrestling Judi Dench out of her three pound underwear
Oh damn my gravy
No way
Todd ?!
Todd is that you ?
Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd T. Squirrel ?
I was gonna ask you the same thing dude
Your body got peeled out on by a car ?
Dogg that is horrible to hear
How's that?
Alright yeah uh just a good combed haircut for a wedding and nothin' that takes blow dryers or costly sarganthums
Okay then for my final act as just this one dude I am gonna get a hot fresh-cooked hamburger at a lunch counter all on my lonesome
Baby I am really sorry I been a dong in the main all week I mean you give me a map and point to a spot and I can find a way to get there and let you down
So yeah uh I was at Raley's and they have changed the label design on cans of ---
Man Ray why you keep that ancient old cordless phone anyway It is hell of jilapidated
Ray what is Waterbury talking about dogg did you junk jingle the Queen
Goths man huh like dang old Arachnea Gehenna from high school times
All showing that it was just like seven thirty-five PM which ain't exactly too petrifying of an hour
Maybe the hour of playing a Bauhaus tape and pulling a quarter out of your ear but yes definately no witching
Man you got to realize that Goths reject the normal ideas of society and success
Oh uh hey dogg this is Roast Beef um listen I just want to say it's all cool between us even though you dissed Weldon twenty six days ago
Okay first uh what did you find out about him on Google and Wikipedia
Still though it's best practices
Look man see here Leon Sumbitches aka Brian Wheat has a whole dang article about him and his family
Dang man this runs like ten scrolls deep this article is a /player/
Oh hee hee yeah
I found all these funny onesies that would be humorous on a baby
Oh come on this stuff is humorous
Hush Téodor don't wake up that wino
Holy Dickens and Delilah you're right
You god damn hag!
It's YOUR fault I can't walk down the sidewlk without expecting a truck to jump the curb and kill me!
It's YOUR FAULT THAT I'M AFRAID OF CREEKS!
I'M LEAVING AND RENT'S DUE ON THE FIRST!
Come on Weldon don't whimper we are gonna take our things and beat this tab
I live in your poolshed now. Hi.
Alright Ray well uh that's all good and great but how do you know when to avoid a bathroom if a lady has been in there a while
Dand man what in hick is a crap gasket
Man no wonder we always run outta that costly tissue so fast!
Wow uh what in hell is a digital canary then is that such as bluetooth or some deal
Man how come women don't rule the world
oh hee hee!
I can't believe we really doin' this!
Settle down now
We just warmin' this old girl up
Then we gonna...
UN-LEASH!
Oh god dangit a cop
We already arrested Ray
so?!
Oh man Ray this egg sandwich is grelicious Without Molly around I didn't realize to eat for seven days.
Same person that took care of me Samuel H. Invisible
I've got Samuel H. Invis-i-ble instead of a mom and dad He's nev-er taken me to the zoo and I've Nev-er seen a doctor ...He's Samuel!
Alright Todd Ray can't get up so let's just bring a menu to him and get out of this place
You got your riddle all figured out then ?
Alright dudes if you are ready then look straight into the bowl and answer the riddle you see in the menu when you cross your eyes
Twice
Man Molly is talkin' about havin' a baby again
Well honestly I mean I always expected that I might have a tyke at some point when I grew up and got old but I guess I didn't notice that I did that already.
Yeah you ain't a guy of kids I got to take that with a grain of salt
There's a lot of things Stephen Hawking can't do with a paper bag but yeah
He's a hackable dude for sure I mean he is basically a laptop
Man the dogs next door yelped for an hour after that ambulance went by at 5am
Then lot twelve's hot tub gurgled and spat between 6:30 and 7:30 since it is low on water
The pump cycled down and back up again at least three times as I can remember
Also apparently fifty hundred scared baby birds were born somewhere close by
The guy in lot fourteen undid his velcro shoes just before eight and then lit a cigarette
Probably due to humidity his lighter took three tries
Also I had a dream where a hot naked lady gave me hugs but I resisted the temptation
You broke up with me because someone took pictures of me getting the hugs
You could not see my face to tell that it was against my will
Then I had a brief dream where all my old teachers got together in a meeting room and said how they always could tell that I would get diabetes
Oh it wasn't so bad I guess
I mean Ray would do some pretty kinky stuff sometimes but I could always just close my eyes and cover my ears
Well
One time he and this girl Melissa were gonna Do It
But Ray refused to put out his cigarette 'cause it was kind of an expensive brand
So he put an ashtray on her back and went about his business
Then just as he 'maxed he took a big drag and spelled his name out in smoke
Dogg we sayin' up hell of yo mama jokes in my place
Yeah right no limits knuckles style exactly
Yo mama was so small and deformed, in the school play she was a potato with a hearing aid!
Yo mama s ugly, she tucks her bridge toll into her harelip!
Yo mama got such a thick beard, you catch her and the bitch says where the treasure is hidden!
Yo mama got such long buck teeth, she can cut her food while noddin' and lookin' you in the eye!
What's the deal like you glock a cow behind Whole Foods or something
All on a Williams-Sonoma silicone curb mat with a trough that collects the juices.
Alright well I think we've got everybody up to the point where they're gonna wake up all nervous until they can mentally think back through the evening and make sure they didn't do somebody's aunt on a coffee table
You had me at Sex Traction Aunts Getting Vodka-Rogered On Glass Furniture
Oh uh hey Ray how's it goin'
Oh man could you hear that through the door
Dogg but sometimes maybe great advances come at somewhat of a price you know
Oh uh Ray you may want to see this
They cut into 60 Minutes 'cause there is urgent news about a boy driving a Honda Civic into a lake at one inch per hour
Just look at the screen will you
Come on dude just look for three seconds
Uh no Todd
Water don't have too much nutrients in it I don't believe
Uh hold on would you please Todd
Ray I am speaking with a friend right now
Uh yeah he's gone now
Anyhow Todd that's the reason water is so cheap I think
Is this like one of those emotional conversations
I see you been readin' my nightmare journal
Next you gonna mention lifting up a nacho and seein' a big old terrified eye starin' at you
Dang man how long even has it been since I seen a Playboy
Lessee here what's he got to say this time
Fuel additives aren't really necessary in most cars well I'll be diddled
Woah
Philippe man you lookin' tight
How's about we go get us a coupla' subs down at Subway
Come on dogg 7 under 6 it is my treat
Do you know how to play the banjo Pat
Oh yeah dogg I got a steaming hot bowl of macaroni here but once it cools I will put it in the fridge and head out
Yeah right exactly don't put hot things in the fridge exactly
Yeah I'll blow on it and stir it around of course
Hey Emeril you guys got to come to a party at Ray's in a little bit
Yeah I got to cool off this fresh hot macaroni before I put it in the fridge and head over
Right exactly
Oh totally like all with the bound works of Herodotus linin' the interior cornice
Yeah the idea is that the horn will play Jesu Joy of Man's Desiring
So how you been Pat what it is
Like you are jogging now and such as eating scallops
So you all cut now is what it is huh
Oh man that is mega nasty
LOOKS LIKE JACKS FUCKING DONG
Salami can be pretty spicy
Maybe you got a touch of sass gut
Mix a little Judge Harlan's Unknown Tonic with an equal part of flour water
Yeah uh Gramma K would give that to Showbiz when he had pimp skitters
If you only take your meals standing and they all tend to be greasy street foods they tend to give you sinner's ass somethin' awful
It ain't like Snoop Dogg wants people knowing about the time he couldn't find a McDonald's and had to pull his Tommys around his ankles while his hoes held up a beach towel
Oh uh yeah awesome I would like that thanks
Excuse me first though - I got to see a man about a famous urinating horse which I am considering buying
Ooh dang man I got some waxy buildup - better find a Q-Tip
Don't want her seeing that
Whoah are those condoms - must be from like an ex-boyfriend or something
Uh oh
Oh man Khan don't put that ding dang worm in my dang old ear !
It's gonna wiggle all in my noggin and hella kill me !
Oh dang dogg oh DAAAAANG
DAAAAAAAANG IIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
Oh man if he gets scared and tries to go to bed in the crosswalk it is on us man IT IS ON US!
No man wait he can't see us this way HE CAN'T SEE US THIS WAY
This may seem obvious at first but rarely does a company with a logo that retarded become the undisputed hub of the worldwide information exchange.
Yahoo! has a regrettable logo, but Google, your mom made your logo. You were running late that day and she drew it in the car on the way to the meeting.
My parents really did a number on me man I mean there's not getting around that THERE'S NO GETTING AROUND THAT
Oh god please don't be mad at me I JUST can't deal with that right now man please
I'm turning around man they can't see us this way no one can see us this way!
I...I'm a normal man
I have needs
So uh sorry I missed your birthday Onstad
All I had around was this bottle of Asahi
I guess I realize that it is basically a pretty cruddy present
I didn't know how cold you would like it uh so I didn't chill it or anything
stupid
Anyway I was bidding on eBay for this Jane's Addiction shirt for you
Anyways
We gonna administer a test to determine your psychological profile doggs
Here are your number two pencils
Hello Ray this is Roast Beef
Man you wouldn't believe this Ray
Woody is so good
There ain't no show this good anymore
Oh yeah Cornelius definitely in the main I mean for real so like what are you looking for?
You mean like saving zingers in a file and occasionally looking up chaps and lads from history
Alright here is the one I wanted to show you
Yeah but Vlad why did you make me pay for priority mail
I mean I live next door pretty much
And you did not send me a peripheral it was basically just some pamphlets about tooth decay
Well heh heh I kinda already did that Vlad
Hey John- Wake up!
Your alarm clock has been going off for an hour
Oh uh I already win that based on how I feel
Hm what sort of event can prove how much one hates Paris Hilton
Maybe like a three page essay
Maybe whoever can pedal an exercise bike the longest and hardest while facing a picture of her has the most hate
Oh I got it we hook each dude up to a blood pressure meter and show two movie clips
First like show a clip of a man just ruthlessly shooting a rifle into a group of children
And then cut to Paris Hilton talking on her cell phone at a Knicks game
Since my blood pressure will be higher during the second clip I will win
Dogg the best place to hide something ridiculous is out in the open you know
Watch
DID BRIAN RECORD THE SIMPSONS WAIT IS THAT FATHER CHESTERNAK'S DOG I HEAR RUFF RUFF HEY BOY!
DID BRIAN RECORD THE SIMPSONS WAIT IS THAT FATHER CHESTERNAK'S DOG I HEAR RUFF RUFF HEY BOY!
Alright men back to the Meganerd hideout for Clausthaiers and solo Twister
Yeah uh I'm a breast man of course Never brought it up 'cause you always been such a dyed-in-the-wool take-no-prisoners ass man
Look man let's go down to the Smoke and make a time of it
Alright check that out what's that do for you
Understood man now take a look over there what do you see
Yeah man you done gone changed teams
Uh no Ray. No, I don't believe so.
dang
so peaceful and quiet
I could think about computer programming forever up here.
aw crud
Only if it can send itself home Pat
He was also gonna help out with place cards and table decorations
Man I can take care of all of that stuff myself I ain't no dummy
JUST LET ME HANDLE THiS OKAY I CAN HANDLE ALL THIS STUPID CRAP JUST FINE !
IF THAT'S THE WAY YOU WANT TO TALK TO ME THEN FINE ! I GUESS IT'S GOOD THIS WEDDING IS FALLIN' APART ! MAYBE IT'S A SIGN !
Gee THANKS Ray that sounds so SINCERE
How come you had to go and yell that about my private ideas Now she's gonna call my mom and I'm gonna get put on Punishment
You sure
Man that is a huge relief My mom gets off work way after Neiman Marcus closes
She used to buy meth from their piano player
Ugh, I feel like someone pinched my nose and puked in my mouth
Ray man wake up
What's with this notebook Man did we write all this
Must be a hundred pages here
Uh pretty slow. I ain't too good at this Ray.
Oh gosh man I ain't barely even started.
Dude please burn that book
Can you believe I actually convinced my destitute-ass mom to shell out for the real sit-down portrait session like all the rest of you were gettin'
About five seconds each and then I'd set them with egg whites and a hidden toothpick stabilizer where the lock met the main hair mass.
Not to mention all the spray for spiking ans detting the rest of that nest man I was up to four cans a week and more on weekends
Dang somethin' about that don't quite seem like you Ray
Well nipple rings almost seems like you 'cause you got kind of a "hey, man" attitude
But then you also got like a more sophisticated thing goin' on
No I think they mean more like I'm Dangerous
Nipple rings say to a lady "yeah listen lady you can't tell whether on our second date I am gonna make you a thoughtful vegetarian curry meal...
"...or punch the front of your throat and sell you to Social Distortion"
The only mystery about a date with you is why you just busted into the bedroom with a sheet cake and a raised eyebrow
What are you gonna do with the rocket ship now that you got it done Pat
Have you always had like a dream of that or something
Take me with you Pat
Leave me there
Goodbye everybody
Check it out Ray
Apparently Charles Mingus at one point wrote a little pamphlet on how to get a cat to use the toilet
Ain't that odd
They only brought them out once in 1962 when the Schweitz triplets tried to claim a three-man victory
They're all buried in the field southeast of the Acres.
The Fight is their show Ray man we ain't got no business steppin' outside their rules!
Dogg no you ain't want to challenge the Jeeps Ray you got no idea what you even on about!
Oh wow my first kiss
This is the one I'll always cherish
It's just like I always... dang what is that smell
It's like I'm being stung by Marlboro Lights
Oh no no no no no
You said it
Mmm this sandwich is so good I feel like there's music coming outta my ears
That's how Subway works man Like hamsters in a cage They just keep growin' the numbers till they kill each other back down to a sustainable level
Dogg I just ain't know what to get Molly for Christmas this year
Oh man ain't that stuff like a thousand clams
Oh like they get a fake nice thing and then nine months later it's all "well I guess if we pull out this dresser drawer that can be a crib"
I wonder how much sodium a 7-layer burrito has versus a plain bean burrito. Maybe I should just get the Mexican Rice. No no that probably has tons of sodium.
Uh yeah does Diet Coke have very much sodium
Ok good um what is your least-sodium food item
Man what
Oh my god I can't buy a burrito from someone who has done oral on me
Seriously man Carolus Linnaeus would classify this as Shitty
Alright now Phillippe uh did you work on your campaign speech like we agreed that you would
Oh my goodness you did!
"Born down in a dead man's town...first kick I took was when I hit the ground..."
Phillippe these are just the lyrics to "Born in the USA"
This song is about how America chews the working man up and spits him in the dirt to die
Oh uh yeah it is come to grapes
Check this out can you believe I typed a list of Pros and Cons of if I should ask Molly to marry me I mean what turkey does that
Yeah sure
Oh Jesus you're right man what a clod I got no business in any of this
"The dream" ?
Uh I think I mean I guess I had two of them if I understand you right
Well...in one it's clear she's on her deathbed but she tells me not to worry about her and says "go fix yourself a steak" like a caring parent would
The other one is just this flash of an instant where I see her sitting in a meadow with a baby and smiling at me like she was at peace
Wow yeah I guess these were pretty different from my usual dreams of like having to lick the middle of Frida Kahlo's eyebrow
Here Ray let's get you back up to 2.5 ounces what do you say
That will be difficult to do inside the confines of the pool house but I believe if we set our minds to it we can create a pleasing approximation
Wow dang that coffee ring looks like the Virgin Mary with child
Maybe there is hope after all
Oh god what am I saying there is no hope there is NO HOPE!
Holy crap look at the impression Ray left in the passenger seat
I though you did a good job of rescuing Zoolander despite the script Mr. Stiller
We'll find out when she gets off at seven
Man why you all despondent Ray
What it is
Oh my god dude what are you doing sitting around watching gay porn like it was just a basic day!
Man ain't you worried at what people would say if they ran in here and saw
Huh this is weird they both look like they might go build a building at any minute but then one of them starts doing the lady's role
Oh dogg on a hogg we got much crispy Stellas out by the pool Ray
Oh my goodness Hello Mrs. Smuckles!
Thank you Mrs. Smuckles
I will Mrs. Smuckles I will get a sandwich right away I promise
I will make sure to ask for double cheese and I promise to keep it on as weight
I hope I find that out someday
I want the truth
Maybe I uh I could lend a hand with any debugging
Molly ?!
Alright let's roll get in the car NOW hop to it
Like maybe this ladle
Man what it is Ray why you so down at the corners of your slice
Dogg do not castigate me
He probably had ten honks of whiskey in him dude
Dogg I am getting in mood to head down to open mic night at Laszlo's
He turns the pepper mill. The hidden wires connect; the electricity is led...
...to
ohhhhhhh shiiiiiiiiiiit.
Next up we got R.S. who has much cocktails at breakfast time!
Check it out Ray this is interesting
Don't the transcriber's style sound familiar to you
Philippe no don't hang up little guy ! It's BEEF !
What ? You mean that's what you want for Christmas Philippe ?
O-Okay Philippe
Oh hey Philippe man it is almost your birthday little guy is there anything you want ?
Well I know something you could ask for that would really help somebody else then !
See now Ray is extremely fearful of heights so maybe you could ask for his fear to be lifted !
Man I hate on some wipe-down "Tex Mex" chain
Okay fine whatever I'll find something on the menu
No we didn't I have a condition
Oh my god that's like forty dollars worth of merchandise
Man I just hacked the *hell* outta this one website
Dogg if you ain't get that fixed you gonna be hell to chat with on the bus
God dammit
Shucks man I don't know about this
What a nice new pork pie hat Pat
Where's your Rolls Royce Pat
Is caviar pretty good stuff Pat
Please let him borrow it dude
Man I can't go in there and buy a ring they'd probably throw a shoe at me or try to lure me out with a rubber Kid Rock CD
But I ain't want to go to a no reputation joint I mean I ain't know a diamond from extremely great salt Dude could sell me a kidney stone from a Mongolian Land Rat and I'd be all "oh how glamorous just like Charlize Theron in that one scene"
Man well uh like ain't people like the most bored by thtat point and ain't listenin' and such
Oh right it's like that cyanide pill they make astronauts pack
All oxygen tanks and massive bespoke shoes
Only difference between astronauts and old folks bein' that you never see one astronaut spoon feedin' dollar chili to a worse-lookin' astronaut at Wendy's
Why you all limpin' around Ray
I've never had one of those
Is it pretty bad
So is that tube like that Preparation H or some such similar ointment or salve
We get by
So uh what you been up to Showbiz
We ain't seen you in quite a number of years I guess
Is that right
Oh crouching Jesus in the shadows a man was never this much of another man's dogg
Dude whittling a chain out of a two by four at gunpoint would have topped my bachelor party but this is /insane/
Molecular gastronomy can take a hike as far as I'm concerned
Yeah but that ain't mean I want to eat a marzipan DeLorean with a LoJack and then have the police show up at my house later with deconstructed flan "in caramel lattice prison" after a "citywide" "manhunt". Or whatever that eighty dollar supplement on course four was
And what was with them putting that metal box on my head and piping in the sound of frying food while I ate that un-curled "curly" fry through the tiny hole
Well I expect that on their door the word "restaurant" should be in quotation marks
Oh man oh hilarious all havin' on some KangaRoos after all this time all zip-up pocket on the sides for coins or notes from a chick
Can't believe someone gave these to the thrift store they are basically new
Hee hee what if it was all like a piece of treasure
Oh crap a review of my life by Anthony Lane NO I AIN'T READY FOR THIS NO NO NOOOOOOOOOO!
Man I hate campin'
I ain't goin' noplace ain't got no shower and no bed
All eatin' eggs outta the pan
The eggs all not cooked all the way
All ashes in the egg
All asleep with tarantulas on my face
You all passed out and spoonin' me
Dang man check it Milklin took your advice
Check his ad in this magazine
Keep looking
Dang Ray man you can't eat the cookies before you buy them what the hell
You can't drink beer in the store put that down or the cops will come!
Alright good look here is something you are allowed to eat in the grocery store
I think I'm developing a thing for corpulent women
Dogg uh it's dinnertime you want to dial up some Wonderful Wok
Okay cool they do a good -- OH uh wow man bad news on the computer front
Man this Nolan guy who is sort of a main pervert of the Internet is bragging all over about how he's gonna have dinner with the kid who founded Potty Pals
I'm only lettin' you in on my grunchy side 'cause I think this dude is about to fiddle with Philippe I mean Potty Pals is Phil's new company dig
Shut up ray
Shut UP dude! Your MOM might hear!
Oh crap dude Ray I am so sorry man I got your back anything you need
It's a thing of cats where if our luck's about to change for the worse we see a Magreaux dog
The dog doesn't even know why it's doing what it's doing but it tries to take on our appearance
Oh man that is a bad sign
Téodor this is really hard for me and Ray to watch maybe you could uh maybe we could meet you at the house later
I mean this dog was walking this is going to be really bad I mean Ray might be about to lose his mom or even his own life
Come on Ray think how much we cheated and we gonna cheat again man we gonna cheat this
Hey Ray uh do you remember how much calories in Chardonnay I mean I think the rhyme goes Fifty-One Has Merlot But Chardonnay Has Less To Show ---
Hey Ray man where in hell did you go
We got into some trouble tryin' to watch a movie your entertainment system
I tried just turnin' on the TV by usin' the button on the front but nothing happened.
Then Lyle was all pressing buttons on that really wide remote with the big wheel.
All of a sudden the TV said all of this stuff about how it was gonna restore to its defaults.
That freaked me out real bad so I pulled the surge protector outta the wall.
Then like one second later the phone rang and I almost had a dang old heart attack.
It was some company asking if everything was alright with the entertainment system.
I just hung up 'cause I didn't know what to say.
Like a minute later the police showed up and dove up on the front lawn and everything.
We tried to ditch out but the doors and windows had all locked themselves.
We're all hid in the dumbwaiter so call back soon OK word.
Oh yeah like you gonna kill him off Ray
Like you really gonna go all pro ice all of a sudden
And what are you gonna do with the body Ray it ain't like you can just make him into a hat !
If you save him you save yourself 'cause he got Southern ways and he would never Take you after that high gesture
Jesus Ray we got the chessboard out but you playin' Whac-A-Mole
Ray uh this Sex Museum is a real tourist trap dogg
Who is that
Man look at what a gentleman he is all pulling the seat out for her and complimenting her hat
Wow now he is taking her to a graveyard to mourn her dead mother
Oh wow he even lied about going to get a shoeshine so that he could buy a wreath of lillies
OK now he's encouraging her to get her teaching credential
"The End"?
Jesus Vlad uh I ain't even sat down yet
Alright Téodor I got 'em both here
All charged up and ready to go yeah
Don't forget backup D-cells for your saber OK
He told me enough
Nooooo
I want to commit suicide
Don't know
Gave it to Lyle
Well why in hell don't you dress your damn self up instead of me
How come I gotta be the one who gets made over
It's 'cause I ain't got that big gut like you got ain't it
Plus you probably want to marry me which is WEIRD
And you probably want to get it on with me like a hundred times a day BESIDES
Alright son of Rodney
These dudes are rolling with us.
Come on man these dudes came up since small times wishin' they coulda' rolled with your pops
What's the matter Philippe why you so down
Oh yeah Lie Bot told me about that
Well I guess then tonight is your bachelor party
Oh uh that's when all your dogs come around and you get all real nuts one last time
Oh man The way you act at a bachelor party is like you don't care about nothin'
So uh let's light off this firecracker under this Dorito and then we'll have some cake
We already -- what about stickin' our middle fingers up That was insane
Oh yes people
Listen
Aww yeah Téodor that third guitar note you played just now was perfect dogg
On bass we got Lyle
His notes are so good and thick
On drums we got Philippe
BORRRGH! URR... AP-AP-AP!
Jesus Ray don't you know even like one sentence of information about the Fight
they give a choice you can have the turkey feast
or you can let all your men have the turkey feast and you get none
interesting - very few men go that way
Fourteen hours
I was startin to wonder what in hell was wrong with you
This car is a thing of beauty
Just passed Bakersfield
Alright
Oh dang wow my old high school 'zine that I used to make
Oh uh excuse me a second I have a call from Téodor
Okay yeah I'll try to work that in
Oh uh dang man did you check in the driveway or such as crawl spaces
Yeah man of course you did sorry what am I saying Jesus
Guys uh there is a problem little Philippe is missing and Téodor is real off his way about it
I think we got a thing in the main
Okay yeah grab your parkas I'll run us over in the Galaxie
Alright Téodor look we got much dudes here to find--
It cold sucks to run a mile
It is the news of an age dogg
Hello Mrs. Smuckles it is nice to talk to you
In fact he just came in from his big run.
Yes I promise to look after him Mrs. Smuckles
Wait a minute this doesn't look right
Oh my god I bought a rooster instead of a chicken !
I knew there was something wrong
What the hell am I gonna do
I didn't even make any side dishes
Uh Molly look I got a little problem in the kitchen
I...
I bought a chicken with a ding-a-ling
Hee hee !
That would be one messed-up chicken if this made him horny !
They suck pretty bad huh Ray
Pretty good now that I am 239,000 miles from The Cure.
The ones that got out alive though, Where did they take them
You mean for like bone china and silver and goblets and antimacassars in case a greasy queen comes over
Man I think the "dinner party" is the biggest marketing con of the modern age
Every yup-ass magazine all showin' a photo of a model who don't even eat holdin' a fat basted golden goose on truffled raita pilaf that took ten fake cooks to make
Why do we even need heirloom quality stuff if our kids are just gonna get swindled by the same dumb tradition playin' them into the hands of some useless industry that's on a vent and two drips
I would never allow a lady to travel along with an unproven chauffeur !
That is a DATE
Oh hee man I just can't do no wrong with the ladies today ! Maybe I can run some card ideas past her during dinner since she is recently divorced and has an angle on that way of things
Heh dang man a helicopter between me and the sun is chopping up the light
Heh well yes I guess I am a main Honcho of things
I guess I had trouble sleeping
Did you know that I want to commit suicide?
Alright Ray I'm here with your afternoon Guess Basket
Okay Ray in my hand I am holding...a pair of dice
Can you guess what they are for
Actually man that is real good that was close on a few concepts!
I mean your neural pathways are really gettin' better since last week when I showed you that peach and you got all embarrassed and asked if I could put its pants back on
This is a peach Ray this is fruit and fruit don't never wear pants
Peter and the WOLF, motherfuckin eBay !
PROKOFIEV, you fuck smellers !
I just want to buy the Peter and the Wolf CD, damn you !
No, god dammit !
No ! I DON'T want the one David Bowie narrated !
Oh my GOD I don't want the Weird Al version !
Holy MOTHER OF PUSSY do I not want the Bobby McFerrin version !
Molly?
Dang so yeah uh I remembered that today is your birthday
Nice
So it's like if your old lady is all such as Get Up dammit and do a chore ! --
You can reply such as "I heard there was a sale on bitch supplies !"
"Go to that place !"
Oh sorry uh man I guess that says bad stuff about me
That I would imagine the first interaction of an average man's day would go that way
Yeah yeah that's right
I mean the shit I had to go through...
Oh I nearly was sidetracked I got you this present
It's a little yellow foam thing where if you drop your keys in a lake they will float
I almost kept it for myself but I was like wait what if the dude has bad luck at a lake you know it would be on me
So uh yeah sorry this gift is so selfish
Oh come on now what do you think I am
Shoes which are still at the store and not sold and I am driving away at kind of an angle to the store
Okay uh I like shoes that have a design on the side for which I am assessed a premium
Also I enjoy shoes that feature devices
Dude Han the Millennium Falcon is hella suckin' we got to get more Space Gas
Uh well he had some but he said you gave them to him
Man you know he can't help himself around those things lighten up
Oh uh hey Todd check it out
Yeah bonus features and everything
It says they even show how they did that scene where the limo chews that dude up using its hood like a mouth
Yeah I know man that scene is INSANE
Oh and check it out I didn't even notice this
It also has the original ending
Yeah with that hand all slowly slidin' down the inside of the bloody limo window...
Aw damn Not Carl
Oh god this is hell of depressing
Carl wanted a family
Said he was gonna propose to Janeane this fall
Showed me the ring and everything
Said they'd been savin' themselves for their wedding night
She had this lingerie that was her grandma's
He had this rubber from World War II
Look dude they are very traditional in his family
Hey Ray man where in hell did you go
We got into some trouble tryin' to watch a movie on your entertainment system
I tried just turnin' on the TV by usin' the button on the front but nothing happened
Then Lyle was all pressing buttons on that really wide remote with the big wheel
All of the sudden the TV said this stuff about how it was gonna restore to its defaults
That freaked me out real bad so I pulled the surge protector outta the wall
Then like one second later the phone rang and I almost had a dang old heart attack
It was some company asking if everything was alright with the entertainment system
I just hung up 'cause I didn't know what to say
Like a minute later the police showed up and drove up on the front lawn and everything
We tried to ditch out but the doors and windows had all locked themselves
We're all hid in the dumbwaiter so call back soon OK word
We ain't never gonna legalize pot man we way too puritanical as a society
All some cop pulling you over just to confess that he would like nothing more than to make love to Orlando Bloom. Then he wishes you a nice day and speeds off to a crime.
Man I just pictured a corn field full of baristas raisin' their hands as the camera plane swoops over
All some guy standing on his front lawn next to his car and wife and kids and screamin' "I can't pay for ANY OF THIS!" Later than night he blows his brains out in a creek so there won't be a mess
Well not everything that everybody has to admit is a wonderful dream
People are gonna use Admit It day any damn way they please man I mean look how many people use Christmas as the second date on their headstone
What can I say not everybody was meant for the art department at Hallmark.
Holy crap who pressed on my head?!
Dude did you press on my head about fifty seconds ago
This page is kind of reflective I can use it to see if the person is coming up again to press me on the head
Alright just sit and cool it they are sure to be back and press on me
God I'm not even able to read a single line I'm so distracted
Same thing happened to Fauntleroy Brown in '84.
He was another BOC who came to the fight without qualifyin' or ever having much to do with his fist in general.
First confrontation on the Acres he stuck his fist right through Fast Eddie Brandt's ribcage and pulled out his heart.
Fauntleroy lost his lunch but then went into a three day Dutch fugue. Maimed or killed 586 men but was insane the rest of his days.
You didn't kill that guy Ray. That was Cody Travis and he has his own private mobile medical unit right over that barbed wire. Cosmetic surgeons and everything.
He fights every year.
Might be unpleasant to watch him eat heavily sauced pastas for a while but he'll be back in the studio in a month. Probably do a Christian thing.
He came over here as a stunt to impress the massive following he gets every year.
Now that you've kicked the ass of the only other army leader it looks like you're dining alone tommorrow.
It's turkey and brandy at noon and plenty of time to rest up for day three. Nice work
Now how about we catch with the rest of the guys at the Tenmen. Get your mind off things.
I...damn, Beef! I can't beleive you're missing a Tenman show! Let's get us some whiskeys and unwind!
Are you sure
Maybe you should tell us more of those good jokes you that know
Oh dogg you do not want to meet Zell and Cory.
No man remember when the Lakeshore flophouse burned down back in '02?
No man they got fourth-degree burns all over their bodies.
No dude uh with fourth-degree burns your're considered unlucky if you live. These guys make Freddy Krueger look like Carmen Electra.
They live in an abandoned railway tunnel and only leave on moonless nights don't worry.
Why you wearin' a filthy suit made of newspapers Ray
And why is there a small amount of carro tin your ear
Also mention something about the carrot
Well if it isn't my old friend the Hangover Ham
Nice to see you again H
Do you need emergency Denny's muchacho or are you just gonna whine this one out?
Being Ray's best friend is like watching a never-ending film loop of a kid riding his bike into a telephone pole
Let me have my fun
I paid my taxes
Somehow I paid more in taxes than actual functional people with marginal careers pay for a used Saturn
Yet the taxes I paid
will not even cover one-tenth of the installment costs of a new
city storm drain
or one week of the cost of employing a restaurant sanitation inspector
or one full set of in-flight dinners on Air Force One
Man I ain't stupid I know they ain't gonna give the President a Lean Pocket cut on the bias with extra marinara and ranch in two plastic cups
I ain't begrudge him his falutin' at all the dude does more in one day than I will ever know can be done
But FDR served the King of England hot dogs and beer and you can look that up
That came from hard-ass personal qualities but also the fact that America was at the ATM with less than $20 in checking and needed to pay for world War II
Maybe hot dogs and beer is our way outta this economic mess
The meat so cheap and the beer so well-priced
The condiment pumps spray mustard gas !
OHHHHHHH SHIIIIIIIIIIIT!
Alright so these are the dudes you're gonna take down on day one
Each one has a strong rep but an exploitable weakness that ain't been publicly identified yet
First up while you're fresh we're gonna take down Perfect Ron Sipes
Fell 2997th last year
He's a powerhouse and this will cement your rep from the get-go
It turns out Ron's wife has extreme problems with credit card debt
It causes great stress and his trapezius muscles are knotted all to hell
You can see it in last year's tapes once you know what to look for
No you give him a stiff jab at the nerve center here and his whole back will freeze up like iron
Dude will plead and cry for the medics to take him away
Instant D/Q
This next beatdown will show that you have a cruel sense of humor
Sound and Motion is one of those new-age experimental technique guys from Santa Cruz
They always get in 'cause no else in their region tries to qualify
Recumbent Tai-Chi
You'll know what to do
Uh no Ray No I don't believe so
We got no chops on this device
Dogg you only want a wedding so you can gruffle a kilogram of bacon-wrapped shrimp
Can you think of anyone who has a more gigantic and deep-seated fury at the world
You...you did all this for me Ray?
Man I would love a pepperoni pizza All hot and crispy as the Dickens
I...I don't hardly know what to say
I always did what I was supposed to
got a EDUCATION
taught myself COMPUTER SCIENCE
IT'S ALL JUST SHIT!
Johnny Cash traded his knuckles in for dirt exactly a year ago dogg can you believe it
Yeah I tried to do a thing or two
Well like I was gonna wear all black but all I could find was a black hacky-sack so I kicked that around for a little while
It landed in this empty cup of rum
Heh no I was not able to kill a man in Reno just to watch him die
Stuff like that is so difficult to orchestrate since the 70s
Yeah I guess that would be a good Nevada state execution program
I could see Japanese businessmen paying millions to spray third-strikers with lead
Heh yeah
This Mile of Highway Sponsored by Darren Getting His Guts Shot Out by Honorable Representative of Tayaguchi Corporation
Darren stole three Ho-Ho's, a flashlight, then failed to pay a parking ticket
Dude so like listen uh I got plans tomorrow so can you use a ticket to Cartilage Head
I know but serious you can't get these tickets open-market
Loaded gun
hidden in a corn cob
baby carrot is the trigger
The bone pulls out of the drumstick
to reveal a blade hidden in the meat;
the bone is the handle.
The hamburger has a microchip -
The bun flips up: a tiny screen, a keyboard!
OOOOOOOHHHHHHH SSSSHHHIIIIITTTTT!
Phillippe man you lookin' tight How'd you get that troublesome weight off
How's about we go get us a coupla' subs down at Subway My Treat
Come on dogg 7 under 6 it is my treat You can even wear your rollerskates!
Dang man since when you all into the hipster t-shirt craze
It is considered extremely correct if a kid 14-23 has nonsense on his t-shirt.
Dang man so like you could blog directly on a Hanes?
Yeah man we were just trying to have a nice time you know
Watch Braveheart and get a little puzzled on some brew
Next thing you know we're stuck in that dumbwaiter and makin' number two in Ziploc sandwich bags
It was a pretty rough scene
Well what would you have us do Ray
Hold it for two weeks like at Boy Scout Camp and then need surgery
I AIN'T goin' through that again
Hee! Hee!
oh my goodness!
Oh, hee hee hee!
Up yours wife
Whoah dogg is a teacher here
How come
Huh well let's just see about that shall we
"She checks out OK"
Awww yeah who became Groucho Marx in the bathroom just now
Oh uh we celebratin' that Ray finally graduated from ass man to breast man
Discounts on candy
Hee I brought my copy 'cause I knew you wouldn't believe me
Oh really no Ray I couldn't imagine
Sheesh uh okay
Uh...uh...yes hello ladies My name is Roast Beef I am interested in new ideas
I would ideally like to meet a lady with a strong Java/C++ background but maybe PHP is your thing !
Uh if you only know HTML that's alright too Maybe there is still somethin' we could talk about
like how you let your family down
Oh my god they doin' it up hell of SNL style from the DAY!
Oh uh I moved out on that nasty old claw and I ain't been back
I left the government's number by the phone
Well uh after you left I kind of saw my circumstances for what they really were
A dude with a Tron pillow whose girlfriend left him because he refused to move outta his absusive gramma's trailer
I guess I didn't call 'cause I lumped you in with that horrible period and all my shame at it
Man this is weird
Why are you drinking at work Ray
What about your productivity
The new Hashbrowns module is almost done
Maybe now I should write a module that controls your drinking
Do you think that it is rad to have alcoholism Ray
Oh awesome that is so radical Philippe
Here is a whole-size Snickers bar
Oh hee man stop it you always pullin' this shenanigan
Okay fine but only for like a second so you got to be ready
Hee hee man how you always do that just all DRIP!
Still pretty into that yeah
Uh Google I guess.
Uh okay I'll make one later and you can give me your feedback.
Man that was like the second thing Tim Berners-Lee did.
It's recycling day
Oh hell and damn yes give me that thing
Dang did you guys read the DepSan website this morning about all the--
The daughter is home from a quarter in Paris
Decent.
Maybe it's somebody else dogg.
Sure here you go Showbiz
Oh gosh man we ain't got no reason to meet
So uh Madison do you want a family some day
oh my god she has got scoliosis
Uh yeah is this the Butterball turkey hotline
Okay cool yeah
Hi rose
Look uh I know Thanksgiving has ended and all
But your phone number was the only one I could remember just now
Listen anyways I had like all kinds of Cuervo tonight
Yeah just all by myself exactly
Anyhow I got kind of a science-type question for you
Is it possible to get killed if you puke into an electrical outlet
Man I ain't never seen so much coconut rum.
Maybe next time there are some directions you could read them BEFORE someone admires my shoulders
I guess my imagination's too good
I already seen me and that dude at Christmas
tryin' to explain ourselves
Two coconut rum drinks in our hands
Damn I got to make some scratch if me and Molly are gonna get our own place Talk to me Help Wanted page Tell me of the things I can do
Wow this lab needs someone to help run medical experiments
Uh yeah uh yes this is Jaime the Science Friend responding to the Knights' written request that I perform at--
Well that's the thing--
I--
Well then I guess it's pickles on parade if I tell you that I am a Jew as my father did lay with a Jewess those many years ago
I get the thing that you were tryin' to do with Tina man
Your ass saw me get married and you wanted to get married too so you wouldn't feel left behind
Yeah but getting married to Tina so that you can be married is like setting your house on fire so that you can finally meet the neighbours
You marry that woman and you gonna become the David Blaine of findin' excuses not to be at home
