Today we're acting like humans! Lie Bot?
A dollar for a shot of Scope?
What in the devil is the matter with you two? I've never seen such unmitigated nincompoopery!
And you consider it wise to let Roast Beef into such a contraption.
Ray. Really.
If you hadn't noticed during your lifetime of friendship, Roast Beef already suffers from terrible depression!
I suppose you checked the glove box for weapons he might turn upon himself?
If you don't like it, you can go do something else.
I find the brisk dialogue to be a welcome departure from the usual prime-time babble.
Ah, congratulations indeed! Not twenty-four hours ago Roast Beef confided in me that your engagement was imminent!
Lyle?
Lyle?
I certainly do.
Well, LYLE, unlike the print and broadcast news, bloggers enjoy a remarkable, unfiltered freedom of expression.
I have many readers.
Are you mocking my work?
Precisely that! Lyle let me treat him to an exam - one must look after one's prostate, after all!
Téodor! I say, good show! It's never too eearly to consider one's prostate.
Oh, tum-ta-hummmtumtum!
Wha...? What is it, Lie Bot?
Really? Wow!
That's so awesome!
Téodor! Oh, ah. Yes. My agent insists there is some money to be made emulating some poop named Lemony Snicket.
Enjoy. I'll be in the oven.
See here, if you store your tea kettle with an inch of water in it, it will catch any ambient grease or dust before it creates a hard-to-clean residue on the interior.
Goodness, Ray! You've been missing for weeks!
Pray tell what happened, Ray?
Goodness! Why didn't you wire for help?
I believe it's the cornerstone of their business model.
RRRAAGGGHHH!
I'm having a toaster waffle, actually. I've been enjoying these as an evening treat lately.
Did you eat too many sweets last night, Philippe?
Last night was Halloween, Philippe! Don't tell me that you forgot!
What has gotten into you, Philippe!? You're not yourself!
He was your Elvis, and when your Elvis dies, so does the private lie that someday you will be young once again, and feel at capricious intervals the weightlessness of a joy that is unchecked by the injuries of experience and failure.
In other words, you two died a bit today.
Welcome to the only game in town.
Hm, hm
Looks like Kerry's going to take the nomination...
The Democrats are deciding who they want to run against President Bush, Philippe.
Those are the two main American political parties.
It's not that simple, I'm afraid. There are good and bad things about both parties.
Sigh.
I wish it were that easy, Philippe.
Philippe's been sticking his arm into the toilet for ten minutes.
Oh.
How so?
There, there.
Oh, my aching head...
Where... where am I?
Yes, hello? Cornelius... speaking.
Agh! Boy, please do not yell. You fellows really did a number on me last night. Who is the foul scoundrel that paired Southern Comfort with lemonade?
Tattoo?
Oh... oh dear god...
oh... oh dear LORD no...
Well, that depends on what you're looking for. Are you new to tea?
The tea Americans are served at Chinese restaurants isn't fit for an enema bulb.
Only if the safety of my countrymen depended upon it, but it is difficult to imagine a scenario in which a foreign enemy would structure its demands in this way.
We have the instruction manual for it.
Really!
My Heavens!
Hello, Philippe. I'm occupying myself by writing polyglot palindromes.
I'm sorry. Phrases that are English in one direction, and a different language when read backwards.
I--my dear boy! This...this is phenomenal! Have you always had this ability?
"Rerèkçib birç"! The Turkish insult, "God will shame him on harvest day"! As I live and breathe, do it again!
Little Philippe continues to confound me. On one day, he might spend five hours wrapping his lower extremities in wet toilet tissue, only to throw a tantrum when no one is around to photograph him in the hardened mass. The next, he might speak in bilingual palindromes, or lead a frog through a makeshift obstacle course using only a small tatter of yellow madras. Often times, it seems that the only difference between children and the insane is pride of workmanship.
Oh! No - that's my paycheck.
The Mini needs a new clutch.
Judge the audience, not the author.
Good heavens. Call me what you will, but on dry turf I'd go with Jesus by a nose. Why do you ask?
Ah, but they have to pay, and suffer the quiet humiliation of going with tap rather than sparkling.
Of course, many sources document that Jesus's fish was underseasoned and heavily padded with mung bean sprouts, so you've got to consider which customer truly wound up topped off and mulling the port.
Dangerous questions take us down dangerous paths, Philippe.
Then why didn't you, Ray.
AGH!
Ray? Is that you? Oh - dear. You've gone and put your foot through my childhood drum.
I'm afraid so. I was taking pictures of it in the evening light.
No, what's done is done, I... I suppose. You... wanted some advice?
Where do you keep your childhood drum, Ray?
Do you sneak upstairs and play it at Christmastime, after everyone else has gone to bed?
Ahh, the postprandial hand-rolled and finger of grappa.
Why good evening, Patrick! How nice to see you!
How curious! They're in the garden shed, beneath a-
No, it's-
Oh drat, I shouldn't have driven Téodor away.
I need the perspective of a greenhorn striptease patron, for the sidebars and case studies . . . Who to call, who to call . . .
Todd! Delightful to see you! I just may, if you have time to answer a few questions!"
Ok. So . . . Todd, have you spent much time in strip clubs?
Most clubs don't charge covers. Are you sure it's not an issue of discomfort with a fully nude female?
Actually, I meant more that men, when presented with their ultimate desire, may suffer performance anxiety.
Perhaps, then, we look at the "sensitive" side of Todd. Deep down, do you see the exchange as demeaning to the woman?
Well, I am a bit of a dab hand with this new "QuarkXPress" computer program . . . it shall be the work of an instant.
Mmm hmm. Mmm hmm.
You've been a bit of a mope lately, Téodor.
Sounds like you've got a bit of the wintertime blues. You know, Molly got Roast Beef one of those... "season happiness lamps," if that's the term I want. You ought to go see if you can't sit under it for a spell.
Ah, Téodor. Would that you narrated their television advertising.
I see a bright-eyed lad watching the deliveryman pull away, confused but excited by what his father has received in the post...
... the gestalt of the whole not unlike the "1984" spot which Ridley Scott directed for Apple Computer.
Aaaah, Halston suede and Giorgio of Beverly Hills. A whiff of landed sweat, and the merest suspicion of a preprandial on-brand 7&7.
But wait...lightly mildewed rucksacks, with finishing notes of shoes laced under threat of opprobrium. Young boys are punished for holding freshly-sharpened pencils to their noses and stealing in the heady aroma.
Despite its initial flash, this machine is as British as a bilious lord.
What's all this Ray?
My heavens, Lyle! When did you start this franchise?!
Is the parent company helping you take the reins?
He's cussing?
Is he cussing someone out?
Lyle's cussing!
GET OUT OF HERE!
Get...get OUT of here, Philippe!
THIS IS PRIVATE!
SHUT THE DOOR! Shut the - hey! HEY! HEY!
AHHHH
Oh please. I'm just feeling a little hot.
A package with the tell-tale arrow for you, Téodor.
Which titles did you order, if I might ask?
I'm here live with today's guest, presidential dark horse Philippe.
Philippe, in a nutshell, why should the American people give you their vote?
The mechanic, who was curiously outfitted with only a hammer, took a cursory glance at the vehicle before focusing on the woman's--
Oh man, too bad the humans aren't here. They loved him in Big Night.
There he goes.
Hm, Hm Looks like Kerry's going to take the nomination...
The Democrats are deciding who they want to run against President Bush, Philippe.
Those are the two main American political parties.
It's not that simple, I'm afraid. There are good and bad things about both parties.
Sigh I wish it were that easy, Philippe.
Just a momentary diversion on the road to the grave.
That's mine, Philippe. Why is it wet?
What on earth are you talking about?
Why are you asking me these things? What are you two up to?
I do.
Oh yeah!
Phillipe! What a highly inadvisable piece of body art!
"Screw you, man." Why, I never. Go home at once. I expect you are in very deep trouble.
Wow, they really scrimped on this one. It doesn't even have a name.
Oh no, I heard about UNIX!
Isn't UNIX made by fat people?
Roast Beef entertained us with an amusing game he had read about on the Web.
My first pet? Why, sweet little Dickie the parakeet!
Roxx Street in Cambridge!
Dickie Roxx! Dickie Roxx! How perfectly pornographic! I couldn't wait for my turn!
What?
What are you working on, Tèodor?
Lyle! You know calligraphy! That's quite impressive!
The art of elegant handwriting is nothing to be ashamed of, Lyle! One can make quite a good living that way!
Absolutely! Mmm-hmmmm! And this looks to be commercial-quality work right here!
Oh, it's tricky. Harlequin wants a romance novel centered around the organic foods craze.
Something like that, yes. They want it done before everyone goes broke buying single-origin mesclun from Aberdeen.
But of course, dear boy.
Where is Ray? I don't believe I've seen the fine fellow in a week or more.
Ah, a bit of remorse and reflection. Whereabouts?
I see. How's that going for him?
It's nice, but it's kind of strong.
Yeah! It's different, but I can't say how.
WHOO! I am DEFINITELY not afraid of the fucking POLICE right now!
Well, make an initial statement that causes the listener to create an assumption, and then surprise them by making a follow-up statement which proves their assumption wrong.
That's the basic, workaday model with which you'd best begin.
Not too shabby for a first go! Try again!
Goodness me, already mining the dark veins in the service of your craft!
I cannot begin to guess.
Oh! That is truly the limit.
My hat is off to you for that wonderful joke.
With bright, spacious typography, "wink-nudge" margins, and pull quotes that run to three pages, such an undertaking could hardly be expected to make the century mark.
Very well. What's the occasion? Birthday present for yourself?
I'd think wealthier clients could afford such labor-intensive vanity purchases.
Perhaps you remember "the Mayor of Banana Town" or the "Oscar" series?
Well, I must say it's a pleasure to meet a fan of my early work.
After the Oscar series, my stories sort of lost focus for a while...
What is wrong with Todd?
Your reply might have gone to my "Junk" mail folder? How do you mean?
Good heavens! What if my junk folder is filled with actual correspondence?
Hello, Ellen. My name is Cornelius Bear.
Well, I'm afraid I'm calling to decline membership in Mensa.
Of course. A friend of mine--Raymond Smuckles--is a member of Mensa, and he seems to have "invited" me to your club.
Yes, Mr. Smuckles is a very intelligent person.
No, I would not like to release that quote for use in your official literature.
Well, I'm declining because, frankly, I have no use for the benefits of membership.
Yes, I know who Poe was. Yes, I know who "invented" McDonald's - the McDonald brothers and Ray Kroc. I... what's that, now?
Of course I know a synonym for "sad"!
Disconsolate. Lugubrious.
No, I was not aware that I qualified to be a member of Mensa's Distinguished Minds lecture circuit.
I...my, that is indeed a generous remuneration schedule.
The lectures are already prepared, you say?
Did you know that soil is a fabulous substance? Soil is actually much different from what you or I might imagine! Soil is a befitting subject for philosophy, for we come from it, and we return to it. Join me, Cornelius Bear, as we journey into the mysteries of...
Who do you think you are, putting on such airs!
Phillippe! That's not how a baby is made!
Has no one told you of vaginal intercourse?
Vaginal intercourse is how the man deposits sperm into the woman
What an absolutely awful bit of slang! You are in Trouble yet again, Phillippe!
For assuming the insolence and braggadocio of a Rap person!
I fie upon that baseless bluster and celebration of conspicuous consumption! Fie!
I don't know. I gave the Sports section to Philippe.
He's doing a pretend news show in the living room.
Arp
I can't.
This robe is my only outfit.
Absolutely not!
No!
Stop that!
But of course. What's the premise?
Intriguing! Fraught with liability issues, though, I'd hazard.
Well, my heavens! How completely unexpected! On the off chance of a mass-forfeiture or transit strike, I did take the liberty of preparing a few remarks.
Hello, Ray! What's with the get-up?
It's more fun to look at than drive, I'm afraid. I'm just idling to keep the engine clean.
Say, can you take my place for a bit? I need to visit the loo.
I certainly can.
The invitation alone requires a printer, a postman, and a cousin with fine penmanship.
Elected officials laugh when a butcher, presented with a pig, wastes the squeal.
For a cellmate, I prefer a German in his native land. Today's Kraut isn't a malicious sort, more often than not just a timid chap coming off a night on the beer.
Indeed. The Austrian is too obsessed with his own excrement, and Frenchmen act as though they'd won an Oscar the night before. In the middle we have the reasonable German.
Ah, I see how it is. You two are out hell-raising. Well, consider this my port's kibosh. I'm rather busy.
I am not cruising for the fretful porpentine, and nor do i wish to mate with any extant members of the Manson family. Put that wretched thing away before it gives me lice.
I guess pizza men are used to that sort of thing, Téodor.
You'll meet your dear Penny. If it is meant to be, by hook or by crook you will cross paths.
In the meantime, I'm sure that something will take your mind off this little setback.
I have indeed. Why would you like to be married, Mr. Teal?
You are a true romantic, Mr. Teal. Is that one of yours?
Oh, it's fine enough in its own right, I suppose. I wouldn't say that I necessarily love the stuff.
Language, Mr. Teal!
Pimm's, old top. Try a snoot.
There now. Afraid of the police?
Spot on. A bit fruitier than your usual tremens drip, I'm afraid.
Ha ha! Oh, Ray.
Who's there, Philippe?
My, what a stumper this is! All right...a screaming person who?
Oh my goodness! What a gruesome car accident!
THAT'S IT! I shall no longer be edited by the blunted, capricious cleaver of your parsley-flecked mind. I am off this job instanter.
You signed that contract. I wish you the best of luck in crafting a confident female lead who connects like a piston rod with affluent, stunted women aged 24-75.
I omitted the yeast and made a fresh malloreddus pasta, which I rolled out using my flask.
It's an eggless Sardinian dough. My dear Iris Gambol learned to make it the summer we spent in Cagliari. '67? '68? It escapes me.
Oh dear lord no, the boy's on the internet again?
Philippe, what are you reading?
We have the instruction manual for it.
If two fingers of Laphroaig will keep your filthy hands occupied, Lyle, then by all means flip #3.
Oh, lord.
Lyle is hogging our sole restroom once again, and once again he has not "courtesy flushed."
His lavatory mist evokes tripe boiled in bourbon and misspent nights with the business end of a naive but well-greased pepper mill. I would trade all that for a woman after only the briefest assessments of her character.
Perhaps we might engage Molly's services?
I shall do my damndest to tease the nubbin from its sugar pea.
But what to make of the obfuscator?
There is such a thing as "going past the sale," Ray.
Well, as you know, I'm on bed rest while I recover from the shooting.
The Spice Channel was kind enough to outfit me with a wireless keyboard so that I can transcribe the shows in real-time from the comfort of my duvet.
Truthfully, Ray, the endless parade of mechanical sex becomes rather dull rather quickly.
I shouldn't grouse. There are worse way of making a living, I suppose.
Actually, I *am* a priest. A church, to be precise. It's to do with tax law and the clumsy state of American re-immigration in the early 1980s.
Of course I'd be delighted!
Great Scott!
Philippe! Get out of here! My heavens!
May I see the instrument, Doctor? Just for the sake of things, you know.
Phillippe! When did you start wearing eyeglasses?
My heavens! May I administer an eye test?
Here, what does this say?
Oh, I'm sorry! This is Catullus in the original Latin! Naughty me!
When did you learn how to read and write, Todd?
What's with all the asparagus?
Three 5's!
Philippe, what do you have?
Let's see. You've got a two...and a receipt for a box of tampons? This might be the worst poker hand ever.
'Bill Gates stood at his enormous mahogany standing-desk, a gift from Japanese Prime Minister Fukuda.'
'His Mont Blanc fountain pen hovered over the signature line of a check which would end world hunger forever.'
'Suddenly, Steve Jobs crashed headlong into the room, clutching an Etch-a-Sketch to his chest. He hadn't charged the battery of his Segway, and it had balked after a laborious trip up the stairs.'
'"Sorry Bill! Sorry! I'm Sorry!" yelled Jobs, scrambling to his feet. Gates picked up the Etch-a-Sketch. Next to an egg-shaped drawing, crude block letters spelled out "PERFECT CIRCLE".'
"Mary just set up sandwich trays in the East conference room, Steven" said Gates. "If you promise not to upset the bread, you can make yourself one."'
'Jobs ran down the hallway so quickly, The tread pattern of his trailing shoe was perpendicular to the ground with each gleeful stride.'
"Welcome to the Self-Guided Tour of the Monterey Bay Aquarium."
Phillippe! You seem to have taken an interest in my petunia!
She also has the most charming nickname--- the "Touch-Me-Not!"
Isn't that irresistible?
At any rate, don't get too attached!
Why petunias are annuals, Phillippe! They die every winter!
Good night, everyone.
Welcome to the Mr. Bear Show!
Lyle!
I sat in the dark of the dumbwaiter, with everyone else, waiting for the police to leave.
Roast Beef and Lyle struck up a conversation in the stuffy, crowded blackness.
His answer was not surprising. Lyle would never betray his beloved brown liquors in favor of any other substance.
My heavens! How did you accomplish this nostalgic flavor?
Excuse me?
Well, I suppose the dog would be shunned by her peers, and the chicken's friends would consider him quite the fellow.
Oh! I see. Probably an incipient soup of malformed organs and translucent bones. Different animals' genes don't tend to create viable offspring, with the exception of the mule.
I'm afraid not, Philippe.
Rayond Smuckles! Is that you? I can smell your cologne from here!
Why, two stoned nincompoops in a Volvo! Talk about your lesser works of Christo!
Oh, AIDS.
Why, why did someone screw a monkey?
Why, oh why did someone have to screw a monkey?
What has gotten into you two? Why the false manes?
Well, a parable of cats who want to be tigers again has enormous...are you mocking me, Roast Beef?
Dear boy, how did you come by this costu--I say, that's geniune ermine!
Take it off before you spill fortified soda on it.
Pish posh. You've got the cash reserves of a tortilla.
Patrick? Patrick, are you there? This is Cornelius!
I'm back from hospital and hoping to have a word with you!
I'd like to invite you to lunch, so that we might come to view the accident in the same calm light. Please let me know if you have time. Ta!
Mr. Teal? It's half-eleven. I have the diskette.
It's a...Victorian hearing hat. I'm going outside to hear for a while. Excuse me, I am in a hurry.
Heavens, how he chews on seeds when he is anxious. I wish I could tell him to stop.
GAAAH how that grates...wait, he's saying something...
Of course I brought a spade, you wither little man...
Don't touch that.
Why must you insist that everything I do involves a doily, Lyle?
Mr. Kazenzakis. A pleasure to see you this fine, blustery evening. You sit rather low in the water, I daresay.
And in what direction does that weather aim your vane?
It is not fashionable to dissuade newlyweds from creating offspring, but, in my estimation, children are like the Kennedy Assassination: There you are, John F. Kennedy, and then in an instant your hair's a mess and you have no idea how to gauge the temperature of milk.
Indeed, indeed. I am perhaps selfish in considering children are an unfortunate feature of the species, but the plain truth is that I'd rather sink a cleaver into my own shin than play "hide and seek" with an undersocialized narcissist who doesn't understand what hiding is. Say, why don't you borrow Philippe for a few weeks? That would be a marvelous dry run!
There's...a snake in...the backyard!
He's crying!
Todd! No!
Not to my knowledge, but age does quite a fan dance with the big gray party pooper. Perhaps you mean my sweetheart Polly?
Indeed. Why do you ask?
You are wise to ask, as it is quite a fraught subject. Polly has chronicled many a workplace misdeed for me.
I say! I see a bit of an angle in that!
A Discreet Primer: On The Subject of Patronizing a Striptease.
It is the most natural thing in the world for a man to wish to view a woman in the nude;
yet, few men can achieve this arrangement on a regular enough basis to maintain a successful sense of self. Hence, the "strip" club.
In this open-minded exploration of all allowable aspects of the subject, the author has attempted to present to you an errorless, or near-errorless -
What?
Ah. Point taken. Tone unsuited to subject.
Quark XPress, you indulgent little vixen, you!
I have the sneaking suspicion that you take your alarmist medical parameters from the same commercial insurance literature that classifies Elijah Wood as morbidly obese. Fuck along, now.
My heavens, Roast Beef! What an unthinkable predicament!
Well, I suppose you'll enter grade school, where you'll preoccupy yourself with conspicuously eating only the most popular items.
Then you'll go to college, where you'll form an experimental band that will do controversial things like play in 15/23rd time and shower together.
After college, you'll take a trip to the southern Californian desert where you'll eat plants that your parents despise and realize that you are fantastic.
From there you'll attempt to write the great American novel, and support yourself in ways not of your choosing. Hopefully sooner rather than later you'll crack open a book that is older than Coca-Cola and realize that here under the sun, there is nothing new left to be written.
Once you recover, you can just rattle off whatever you like and sell it by the pound.
Ray? Curious letter for you. What...what am I interrupting?
Very good. I note that the address is actually typed on a 1903 Hellerbach, meaning this isn't some sort of misleading mortgage advertisement.
Whuh? What's in that syringe? Liquid sourdough bread? Get that away from me zzzz
Goodness gracious, Téodor! What is that invidious tang?
Well for God's sake, man, hoist your head! That is no way to pass a sunny afternoon.
If this is your attempt to get back at me for parting brass rags over that Dummies' Guide to Strip Clubs, then you grossly overestimate my patience for tricks involving urine.
As surely as Dante first saw Beatrice reflected in the puddle of a micturating sow, I am certain it is stuff for the ages.
Meanwhile, I want no part of your "slanted-mirror hokum and jive." Adieu.
Ah, you're making noodle soup this evening! Capital! Here, let me fetch my special bowl.
How untoward! Well, I'll just have to wash it in some hot, soapy water.
Hm. Perhaps you're right.
This bowl is special, but it is not as special as my mouth's reputation for the vigilant avoidance of perinea that would cause an ammoniated Taleggio to dash its hat to the ground and slink off in defeat.
Isn't that Ray's name?
Apparently Ray is worth fifty dollars!
He did put on some weight this year.
Thirty-four dollars for a bowl with "Cappero" painted unevenly on the rim? I've seen finer lettering on necks.
Judi relaxed at her kitchen's large granite island, a chilled Montrachet in her stemless Riedel.
Claudio, an olive skinned former lifeguard from Palermo, prepared to audition for her plum personal chef position. He inspected the stove, the cutlery, the pantry.
Suddenly, he stopped and grinned. Slowly, gently, his hands cupped and lifted an authentic Sicilian "Cappero" from a low drawer. She sipped her wine, discreetly undoing the lower-most button of her blouse.
Until now, he had considered her nothing more than an inelegant, nouveau riche "Americana." The Cappero, though, proved her a woman of the world, a woman of taste, a woman practiced at holding her own in the fiery choreography of Mediterranean seduction. ###
You are too kind. Another sixty for the lurid, bespoke description of their carnal finale?
Roast Beef! I say! Could you assist me in the selection of a personal computer?
A sturdy little fellow, full of zip and dash! One that pops open each morning ready to put the tabasco on any task!
You understand my computing needs precisely. Do you know of a suitable marque?
What a handsome little devil he is!
But we're changing things around here.
5:35AM: While I waited for my morning muffin to toast, I thought I'd gamely rinse out the dirty frying pan someone had left on the stove the night before.
Funny, I don't remember anyone making anything with coconut last night!
Upon closer inspection, the shreds of coconut revealed themselves to be tiny white, writhing worms.
Aghast, I dropped the pan. All of a sudden I saw a hundred more tiny worms (maggots, actually) writhing all over the stovetop.
From above, another fell onto the stove's surface. With great trepidation I looked ever so slowly upward...
...until my eyes came to rest on a high shelf, where between a few cans of chicken stock I could see the top of a mousetrap I had set many weeks before.
Yup.
Yes, yes...I'm afraid that was one of mine.
Do...do you think you still remember how many whales the ocean has?
My heavens, Roast Beef! Have you just been fitted for your winding-sheet? The aura of the stricken man is trickling from your ears!
If I read you about the edges correctly, you're asunder over a particular girl.
Ah, marriage. The Great Indoor Fight. May I?
Hm. Here's the trouble. Molly is a smart girl possessing many fine qualities, yet this list finds you fascinated solely with yourself.
Perish the thought. The list is just an artifact of a rightfully anxious mind. Have you had the dream?
I'm afraid I can't elucidate. You'll know if you have.
And?
What charming manifestations! Your subconscious has given quite a seal of approval.
You two will do marvelously, should you proceed toward your blue heaven together.
I get it! I GET IT! Roast Beef is an utter genius!
My name is not Stanley.
At any rate, he knew that gentlemen of my vintage do not have the computing interests of the younger generations...
-stealing music which I would break from shackles to escape, for instance-
...so instead he guided my hand to a machine which had something of a good parlor mystery constantly playing about within!
TAAAAAPE!
Some low-yield romantic pabulum, I'm afraid. More meaningful work has been sparse lately.
Two-hundred fifty pages, eighteen hundred dollars. Due Monday, just like the rent check.
Ah. Not sure yet, actually. Something about a blind pizzaiolo who travels to this country to mourn his uncle, and he comes across a lady of some sort.
I think she has hip dysplasia.
There is now! That was rather good! Why don't you try one of these for yourself?
So, have you two lovebirds given any thought to your wedding vows?
The vows--to be a faithful partner, in sickness and in health, all that--actually will come into play at some point, and should be on the record.
The comparison of an aging marriage to shoddily planned space travel is not entirely without its parallels.
That is because astronauts have the good sense to strap themselves to a twenty-two story explosive when in search of their particular blue heaven.
Half an hour.
Mr. Teal! You've returned! I trust you have regained your strength?
I had no idea you shared domestic arrangements! How can I help you be rid of that fatuous bore?
Nonsense. Out with it.
Instanter, my good man.
I have.
But wait! How does this work?
As you say.
Good to see you, Raymond. This is Polly, and this is fine brown liquor.
Oh, he's doing one of his alpha things. It's play behavior, like when a dog mounts a suitcase that's been getting too much attention.
Ray's social conduct is more likely to take a page from Jane Goodall than Emily Post, yes.
Pfah. If you want to spend the rest of your days watching Ray draw new golf clubs and frantically underlined breasts on the wall with a charred stick, be my guest.
Lyle, my generation passed your generation the figurative "joint." Do you really think that marijuana first appeared on earth the day you were born?
I say, anyone care to indulge me in a bit of Gilmore---
Téodor! This is simply beyond the pale! I... is that Breast Attack on Fuck Mountain? Capital! Activate the captioning!
What are you working on, Téodor?
Ray? RAY! I say, are you ready for the first pitch?
Thank you, Miami.
What is this "MILF" acronym I'm seeing bandied about in the personals these days?
Oh! How wonderful! What an unexpected gem of a term. Thank you, Lie Bot.
Precisely that! Lyle let me treat him to an exam - one must look after one's prostate, after all!
Téodor! I say, good show! It's never too early to consider one's prostate.
I tell you, my name is Cornelius! You are making a grave error!
Okey doke.
Yes, the first frost usually takes these, Philippe. We'll plant new ones in the Spring.
I'm afraid not... It's a rather cruel system, isn't it?
Delightful to see you again, Beef!
YOU IMBECILES! MAY LUCIFER BRAND YOUR FOREHEADS WITH AN APOSTROPHE IN HADES!
The manic font-changes serve as ocular holds on a climbing wall for the attention-deficient... The pictures mitigate the perceived chore of decoding language...
They are typically yellow and near the dried meats, yes?
We are talking about a book which attempts to codify the nightclub behavior of men who refer to the woman's child-bearing mechanism as the "squish mitten". I shall finish in peace, then?
Never how a fool half a job.
Vlad, I've got to pop out for a bit .Would you mind transcribing a few racy adult videos for the SPICE Channel's closed-captioning? My shift isn't over for another hour.
Look at all the costumes!
Well cuss my bones, look who it is! Happy New Year Todd!
Oh, I prefer to usher the new year in with a good book and my memories.
Well, my heavens! How completely unexpected! On the off chance of a mass-forfeiture or transit strike, I did take the liberty of preparing a few remarks.
An Internet man has been buggering Philippe! I've had it with this damned machine! I knew it would come to no good!
Well, he's being e-buggered, or however they do it these days! Mental chat sex! I don't know how to describe it!
He sent Philippe a thousand dollars! The man clearly expects placid afternoons of unhurried buggery!
Fine, then. I still reserve the right to enshroud any bump in the night with a cumulonimbus of pepper spray.
Philippe, I...you...what the hell do I say next?
But I didn't!
Right-clicking on the titmouse is my password. The boys will never know.
How do I open applications? Maybe by turning one of these dials...
What in the devil...?
