Ahem! Guess who died this morning?
None other than Mr. Johnny Cash!
Hey, look at me! I'm a human! Man, this Jeff Beck album really cooks!
It sure is!
I also have a movie of your death - April 28, 2005.
It's not the sort of thing a guy oughtta watch, you know?
Please do
How would you know?
Whaat, whaat? Ya bother me!
I think I saw Al Pacino grab a handful on his way to Téodor's room.
Yeah. They're looking over some screenplay that Téodor wrote.
He did say that he wanted to pay back whoever the peanuts belonged to. He was kind of insistent.
Al is a very generous man, Philippe. I bet when he sees that you're just a kid, he does something really special for you! I bet he takes you under his wing!
You sure you're ready?
Okay, but I warned you.
The saddest thing is when the toilet from an abandoned space station falls back to earth, lands upside-down on a child who was playing alone in the backyard, and smooshes them into the shape of half a hard-boiled egg.
Awp!
...And when they lift the toilet off of the child, two lips at the top of the bloody mound say, on their dying breath, "I love you, mommy."
Wake up! Wake up!
Flavor Flav's here! He wants to see you!
He has a blinking tooth!
Ray. I wanted to give you first dibs on the rights to one of my patents.
I'm looking to sell the rights to the Shitandle.
It's a candle that burns itself out after five minutes, in case you forget about it after you take a shit. You follow me?
Oh my god! See? You're perfect for this! You're a total business genius. -- TIME magazine's cover story: "Ray Smuckles, Old-Fashioned Genius."
Let's go over the paperwork tomorrow afternoon. You free?
Sure thing, man.
It's actually the same set of tissue as the penis, but it starts to form differently in the first trimester.
You know how frozen turkeys have those pop-out thermometers?
Philippe, how would you like to play a game of checkers with me??
High five! We begin now, Phillippe!
You see, I have the advantage because I have a mega tyrannosaurus ultra king, and your pieces are ponies.
Roll the dice.
Phillippe, you forgot you are the thumb-goon! Another penalty dance!
Phillippe, how much money is in your pocket?
The victor is ultimately determined by cash-on-hand. Penalty cartwheels.
CWT? That's when you dip a person's hand in warm water while they're asleep, and they wet their pants!
Here, let's try it on Lyle!
Well would you look at that! Someone's beat us to it!
Alright everybody! It's time to see my ass!
How do you know that a robot's ass is bad?
It just looks like this
What I'm hearing here is that you guys aren't really good friends.
Man, you know robots can't eat dinner! What the hell?
Maybe there's something I like to do in the garage while you eat! You ever think of that?
Well thorry! i jutht thought i'd athk!
Philippe, Philippe, Philippe.
The saddest thing is a little girl who is told by her own mother and father that she will never be pretty.
And then they open the front door, and on the porch is a little white suitcase, with all of her things in it.
Barkeep! My friend would like a shot of Grenadine with a cock ring floater!
I heard you got fired from your job as a lamp that the Queer Eyes threw away!
Paula Poundstone called! In between muffled sobs and the sound of two dozen pills dropping into a martini she told me she wanted her sense of humor back!
So Vlad, how's the Make-Out King?
Anybody I know?
That's right! How was the trip?
I heard on the news that Osama bin Laden snuck into the United States!
Yeah. He could pop out anywhere, they said.
No, only good people can hide in computers.
Woo-hoo!
whoo!
yeah!
whoo!
You know, if you dig that hole deep enough, you'll come out in China!
I ga-ron-tee!
35 Hsu-Giang Road, Guangding Prefecture 5070, Szechuan Province. You will emerge beneath the bed of Dr. Quang-Hai Li, an important yet violent dictator.
If he's at work at the time, you may be able to escape to the street and cobble together a live of basic slavery.
On the other hand, if you present yourself well, you could convert him to Americanism and save thousands of lives! Think this one out, kid.
Hey Todd, what's shakin'?
What's the matter?
Well, have I got some good news for you! I heard on the radio that your uncle woke up after the funeral because of the prayers that you said!
Yes! He started dancing right in his coffin... and get this! He said he wanted to buy you an airplane!
So, what can I get you, Chucklebot?
Ouzo? Who drinks ouzo?
Who?
Hold on -- what?
Philippe! Don't touch that!
You shouldn't touch flowers!
Don't you know? The flower is the private parts of the plant! It's what they use to make babies!
GASP!
Philippe, this flower is pregnant and you're the father!
Oh hell yes!
Because we're so superior! We've got big vocabularies and we get fresh with the fine women!
But you still get fresh with the fine women, right?
Philippe! Guess what's in the hall closet!
a SKELETON!
So I guess you're going to have to get a job now, Phillipe!
To take care of the baby! Babies are very expensive!
Well, apparently you know how to make babies!
So, are you going to wear a tuxedo or just a suit? I suggest a tux. They photograph better.
At the wedding! You can't have a baby and not be married!
You're old enough to make a mistake, and that's old enough to start a family!
Alright everybody! It's time to see my ass!
How do you know that a robot's ass is bad?
It just looks like this
What's with that car door slamming so hard?
Mark McGwire! No wonder!
Then he just stormed off!
Oh! Here's a quarter, then.
A quarter! Take it.
Haven't you heard? If you flush a quarter down the toilet each time you use it, the city collects it and puts it in your retirement fund!
Hey man, that's easy. It's called Pochego, and it's from France.
If you don't believe me, you can read the liner notes from Rubber Soul.
Come on Dennis if we don't pop your eyes out, how you gonna see the truth?
Vlad! Andy! Glad you guys could make it!
Who?
No way! Chucklebot's here?
Chucklebot 21,000! Man, it's been a while!
Philippe, Philippe, Philippe.
The saddest thing is a retarded man who is crying and promising a broken egg that it will still be a chicken some day.
And that they'll play together in a field when it gets better.
Well, I heard on the radio that Billy Idol was in a pretty bad car crash not too far from here--
Maybe his soul is passing into your body right now!
Yeah?
WHOOOOOOOO!
Whoooooo!
Success!
SUCCESS!
Philippe! They recounted all the ballots, and guess what! You WON!
Yes! It was a landslide! There's a big problem, though?
Mickey Mouse is on a radio call-in show threatening to shoot himself unless you give the presidency to George Bush! He even tapped the gun against the phone and fired a warning shot!
Do the right thing, little guy. Don't let him pressure you.
Okay, fine then. Here, I'll dial it for you.
Whoah -- what the hell, man? Why the hell did you say that?
Michael J. Fox gave them to me! Is that alright with you, Mr. Acid Tongue?
What the hell is this then, NOT the Flux Capacitor?
I'd like to take this time to introduce Achewood's new cast of characters! replacing last year's troupe will be:
Albert the College-Educated Cat,
Shortcakes the Leprechaun,
And Steven, the waiter who was really strong but too nice to ever get ahead in life.
What?
Psst! Philippe! Behind you!
I'm waiting to see if George Michael wanders in here looking for pleasure! Chances are, you know!
Okay. Great.
Ha ha! Chucklebot! You've still got it.
Why not?
Whoah! You're working some rough chuckles these days!
Eh...
We're redeeming ourselves. It's time we gave something back.
Yo yo yo! Why am I hearin' so much fussin' comin' from in there?
Téodor, Téodor, Téodor! I'm surprised at you!
You've got to think about this at a kid-level! Ask yourself, what does a kid like?
Ahh. Once the conventional wisdom, but lately refuted.
Kids like tractors and dinosaurs and kings and stuff! Here, watch this.
Hey Philippe! These are hard-boiled dinosaur eggs!
Umm, Philippe? This isn't carrot juice, it's king piss!
Yes?
Philippe! Don't touch that!
You shouldn't touch flowers!
Don't you know? The flower is the private parts of the plant!
Philippe, this flower is pregnant and you're the father!
Oh, wow. I'm not sure you're ready for this, kid.
Okay, okay. I'll tell you.
The saddest thing is an old bag lady, freezing to death in the snow on Christmas Eve, and the last thing she sees is a family in a nice warm diner getting beheaded by the Taliban.
He's a friend of mine. Just tell me what you think, okay?
First of all, Lyle can't even READ cursive!
Look, I didn't say that. All I said is that you probably like to nail other guy bears.
Whoah!
I would like a copy of People Magazine.
Todd has a VAN! This really changes things for us!
Man what are you staring at?
Heyo!
It stands for "May I Leave Flowers?"
It's like SWM and all that, but it signals that you're a gentleman, you know?
De nada.
When a father outlives his son.
Sure, little guy! Get under the covers!
Okay then. There's this Dutch kid, and he sees water leaking out of a dyke, so he sticks his finger into the leak to stop it.
Unfortunately, pretty soon his finger dies, and then the rest of him dies, too. He's little, and it's so very, very cold.
Sorry, true. Anyhow, the next morning a priest sees the boy, and it turns out he's not all the way dead.
Not in general. His father is furious with him for not coming home, and in a blind rage he burns their house down.
Whoo! Definitely not.
She screamed at him so loud and long that blood came out of her mouth and tear ducts! The doctors had to send her to be killed.
The end! No moral.
