Hey babe! Mind if I turn down the music?
Some new kid accidentally made a hand-flavor Frappuccino in the blender, so they gave us the rest of the day off.
Oh, good! You're using the little electronics kit I got you! And you made a little... blinky-ring! I love it! Can I wear it?
Mmm! Let's call Jade Garden!
Is that right?
Well, maybe we could just order vegetarian dishes!
Really? You heard that?
Beef, I know you were looking at her chest. It bugs me more that you're lying about it.
Fine, then. What was it made out of?
I think you've shown him enough for one day, Bossie.
You heard me!
I think he's been winning a lot of money off of Ray at pool.
Is Ray really bad at pool or something?
Okay, I get it.
You were snoring so loud I thought you were going to suck the top of your head down your throat!
It can't be good for you to breathe that way all night. It's so violent. I'm going to sew a tennis ball into the back of your shirt.
No, it keeps you from sleeping on your back, so you can't snore.
Beef! Come on.
Goodnight, jerk.
Hey, Beef! Can you get me a couple things while you're at the store?
Is Showbiz going to be around for very long? He left a huge hair on my new Aveda soap.
He did? I didn't hear anything.
Gone, huh. Did he leave a note?
That's it? Does it always go this way?
Well, if you pull the hair off my soap, I'll take the outer layers off with a vegetable peeler.
Beef? Did you hear that?
I heard something at the front door!
Philippe! How long have you been standing there? You're shivering!
Beef! He's just a little kid! It's scary to ask about Jesus!  Never mind him, Philippe. I lost a bet and now he gets to act like an angry blue-collar father all day. What was your question, sweetie?
He sure would! Let me draw you a picture.
Okay!
Beef! Put a sock in it!
Sure!
Shut up, Beef.
Babe? What's the matter? You...you shrank really fast!
Does...the woman need to wear cheap purple pumps like...like these?
Does he have a pool table?
Let's go over! It sounds like fun!
I'll put on my swimsuit!
Hey Beef? This is Molly! Listen, Kelly and I are gonna go out for drinks after work!
I'll call you later, okay?
Owp, she's here! Love you sweetie!
Beef! Just get us a Diet Pepsi!
You are SO cheap! Hey! My boyfriend's so cheap, he snuck a ziploc bag of moussaka into the movie theater!
See what you did, Beef?! DAMN you!
It's your birthday treat! You deserve it, sweetheart!
Why don't you pick us out a nice wine.
French restaurants don't have Corona. Choose a wine.
Beef!
There's no good time to have a baby. You just have to start.
People half our age with no resources already have kids.
You're avoiding the subject.
If "doing philosophy means chickening out of being a man, then yes, you are doing philosophy.
BEEF! IS IT CROWNING?
Hi Roast Beef! thanks for asking me over! I brought us a bottle of wine.
Yes, I like music, Roast Beef.
I needed to ask you something! Why do you insist on leaving your cell phone at home lately?
Your Nokia isn't going to give you peter cancer.
You don't even get cancer there. You only get it in your testicles.
Well, you know Beef's greek, so--
You've had restina? He made me try it when his uncle came to visit.
Oh, Téodor. Thanks for making me laugh. This whole planning process needs to be more fun.
Oh my god. Really?
I needed to ask you something! Why do you insist on leaving your cell phone at home lately?
Your Nokia isn't going to give you peter cancer.
You don't even get cancer there. You only get it in your testicles.
YEAH? YOU LIKE THAT, YOU BIG, SAD BOY?
GOODNESS, I SEE ONE PART OF YOU THAT DOESN'T LOOK SAD! HELLO, MISTER DRACULA!
BUT THOSE MAKE ME LOOK CHEAP, MISTER DRACULA!
Your mousepad's all faded and oily. We should get you a new one!
Beef? Honey? Are you going to get out of bed today?
Is...is everything okay, babe?
Nate was so cool! You know, you're a lot like him...
Tall... quiet... deep...
handsome...
I'm hoooome!
Please can we not talk about Applebee's? Mr. Trayner was a huge jerk today.
He kept looking at my tits. How do you keep a guy from doing that?
Thanks. I'll do that.
If you stare at her chest any harder, you're gonna break one of her ribs.
What the hell was that?
Osteoporosis?!
Hey babe! I stopped and got us some mu shu.
What's that smell? Did you ride the bus today?
Your brother? Okay, wow. I wish you'd have told me. I'd have changed after work.
Maybe stop thinking about our private stuff for a few seconds?
Really?
Which stuff are you imagining?
The one in the bathroom? Where you told me about how dirty toilets are, even if they get cleaned? Because of the porous surfaces? And you actually started yelling and got on kind of a high horse about all of it?
Sorry, maybe you can ask me about something else. It's your magazine, babe.
Yeah, my family was on the Gwynqeathe, a ship that sank between Fladceate, Wales, and New Amsterdam in 1676
Duh, nerd. But that's what it was called at the time.
Yeah. I'm not the type of person who goes out and tries to forge new trails. I'm more of a homebody. Like you. If I have new things to read and a few favorite movies, I'm fine. I don't need to go hiking. I know the mountain's there, and that it's wonderful. I'll probably see it, eventually.
I thought that had more to do with the quality of light early in the morning. It's more friendly to film, it looks warmer.
Don't be an ass. We still have to go out to dinner after this, and I want to have a nice time.
Mine. I'm the only one in this house capable of calling in to a radio show and winning dinner for two at Mes Beauchamps Restaurant and Wine Bar.
"Who was the only blond member of the Traveling Wilburys."
Tom Petty. Dylan, Harrison, Orbison...all brunettes.
Babe, do you want some of this veal marsala I made?
What? Last time I made this you were raving about it! You even got up and put on a tie!
What was that again? Fact-checker for some news site?
I can't believe you let yourself take a job like that. You know how sad you get thinking about dead children.
Yeah, and the next time we walk past a family with a kid I'm going to have to act like your sudden interest in the sky isn't your completely obvious way of letting your misty eyes evaporate without spilling over.
Hey, the toilet is flushing weird! Somebody must be SMOKING!
Okay, your semen finally tastes so vile that I have to draw the line. Did you start smoking?
Do you think you'll ever want to move out of this trailer, Beef?
Seriously! We could afford it.
It wouldn't be so bad, would it? We could decorate it ourselves, I could cook you dinner, pour you a glass of wine...
Come on. We can finish this there.
I don't need to urinate, Beef! Jesus!
Beef, are you too depressed to finish biting through that piece of toast?
You haven't been using that S.O.--S.A.D. lamp I got, have you?
If I pull the toast away, do you promise to give a little resistance and not fall forward?
Oh---good. Good! It's still stuck to your bottom teeth, though, babe, so you may feel me pulling it up and away.
Hey, why'd you turn that off? I like Lyle Lovett!
Don't talk that way. That's just stupid.
Whatever. Here, here's Kraftwerk. Would you go to the bathroom on them?
No wonder you never call! Well, I hope she's warm, 'cause I certainly won't be after I die of shame!
Babe, can I give you a little trim "down there"?
It's just... when you're trimmed, you look longer! And more... modern!
Sheesh! FINALLY you're done in there! I've had to powder my nose for like twenty minutes!
Of course it's not the coolest place in town. It's our bathroom. Let me by.
Beef?
Roast Beef!
Fine. You're doing one of your things. I'll go over to Ray's.
Good morning Roast Beef! This is Molly...from the party?
Really?! You did?
Noo! What's it do?
Yeah! You said you could go out to dinner once a month with it!
Hi Roast Beef, Blister tells me you code too?
Ha ha! Are you into Java?
What's it sound like, Beef.
They're saying...
HEY HOW ARE YOU
AIN'T THAT THE TRUTH
LET'S RUN OVER TO THE CORNER
OKAY BUT ONLY FOR LIKE A SECOND BECAUSE I HAVE TO PUKE SOME TENNIS BALL PIECES
OH HEY ARE YOU THE THING THAT CRAPPED BY THE GAS STATION
IT MADE A LOT OF SENSE TO ME
Hey, Beef, can we talk?
Look, Beef, I can tell you're not really ready for us to get our own place, and I don't want to force you. I'm gonna get a place of my own for a while, though -- I need it.
My new roommate's here now, you should meet her. She's the hostess at my Applebee's.
Tina, this is my boyfriend Roast Beef!
Beef? Baby? I died. I died because of your perversion.
I was someone. I had a real life. I had Christmas morning memories that filled my heart with joy.
I was just as much a person as you are.
And you know what? I just wanted to watch my shows on channel eight at night and have fun growing old with you.
But you needed me to have rubber boobs. Because you're a man. Because you think women are like little Mister Potato Heads that you can marry. Wel, now I'm Mrs. Potato Breasts, and I'm married to God.
Is that seriously all you made?
Ha ha! You have to have vegetables and starch and stuff! This isn't a complete meal!
See! That's why women are good for men. We help fill in the blanks.
Well, he looks like he could probably use an apology!
Hey babe, want to fool around?
Mute the TV, sugar brains. I'll go get a blanket.
Oh my god. Beef spends all afternoon making this mix tape for his guest day at Ray's gym, and then he forgets it on the kitchen table.
Roast Beef! Oh my gosh! I'm so glad that you're back!
Oh cool! You're so thoughtful!
Ha ha! Did you ever notice how McSweeney's kind of approaches humor with a lab coat and a pair of tweezers?
It's like they don't know where they belong given all the writing that's come before them, so they just rip off old New Yorker pieces!
Beef? Baby? Want to come watch Dancing With The Stars with me?
hee hee!
Hey, which Netflix do we have right now?
Why don't you go put in Sex and the City?
Then put some underpants on!
Maybe you could use the opportunity to haul away all that condom trash...
When I want to decorate the nightstand I'll go to Pottery Barn, funk fairy.
Hah! I love you police blotter.
Wait. Why does this... Why does this all seem so... familiar...
Roast Beef! Oh my gosh! I'm so glad you're back!
Oh cool! You're so thoughtful!
Ha ha! Did you ever notice how McSweeny's kind of approaches humor with like a lab coat and a pair of tweezers?
It's like they don't really know where they belong given all the writing that's come before them, so they just rip off old New Yorker pieces!
Okay, Lyle. You've already "imprinted" this house, so, for two weeks, ONLY use the corner gas station. You need to retrain your housemates.
How did you sleep?
Not too bad, I rolled you over a few times but that was it.
Your birthday's coming up, babe. Would you like to do anything special, maybe?
Here, I made some aluminum foil undies to protect your ding-a-ling from all those cell phone cancer-rays.
That's a little cradle for your cell phone. The undies have an internal armature made out of coat hanger wire, to support it.
Now you don't even have to hold the phone against your head, you can just use speakerphone all the time!
Baby, if the rest of our lives are anything like this week, I'm going to beat my mother with a mittelschmerz-inducing clyster.
So did you pick out a gift for them yet?
Ooh! Show me!
Oh my god! I don't know what's worse, that these are for sale or that you think a baby should wear them!
I'd like to know what you got dressed in as an infant if you think these are acceptable.
Beef?! Letter for you! No return address!
Beef! Wait!
How did you sleep last night?
Let's sneak away before people's aunts start using coffee tables as sex traction, sweetie.
All the magazines are saying that terrible is the new horrible, and that must be why I love you, Roast Beef K.
Can I get you another Corona, Roast Beef?
Daddy!
So you just fired our caterer, photographer, deejay, and maid of honor?
BEEF! It's ten days 'til the wedding! You have to go apologize to him!
Tell me how you're even going to get a deejay on such short notice! And don't you dare think you're going to hire one of Ray's hacky friends!
NO YOU CAN'T, BEEF! YOU'LL HAVE A PANIC ATTACK AND NOTHING WILL GET DONE AND OUR GUESTS WILL EAT RAY'S TOPIARIES AND I'LL BE ASHAMED OF OUR WEDDING FOR THE REST OF OUR LIVES!
IF ALL YOU CAN THINK ABOUT IS YOURSELF THEN I THINK I WANT OUT TOO! YOU ASSHOLE!
May I take your order?
Not very much, sir.
The Roast Beef
Hey, you! How have you been?
Babe, I forgot to get my birth control prescription refilled.
Beef! Did you wear your socks in the shower?
Oh... it's November. You're getting S.O.- S.A.D. again. Where's that special lamp I bought you last year?
Lyle? Hi, it's Molly. Can Beef get his anti-depression lamp back from you? ...What?...not until after the Motörhead show?...oh, I get it. Okay, how about this...
What's wrong?
Ha ha! Is that white or dark meat?
Look! At least we know he's not horny!
Hello! I'm Molly, is this Roast Beef's house?
Hello?
So, do you want to help me set up our registries?
We need to have nice things for dinner parties.
We don't buy these things. People buy them for us. And it's tradition to hand down heirloom tableware to your children.
WE NEED NICE THINGS BECAUSE WOMEN HAVE TO CORRECT FOR A GENDER THAT WOULD EAT FRIED EGGS OFF OF A FART IF A FART LANDED ON THE LINOLEUM AND FORMED A REUSABLE SKIN.
Hey, Beef! Let's go get you some new shoes!
I'm sick of seeing your feet so roughed up. What kind of shoes do you like?
Be serious.
Dammit, Beef! Don't stay up all night watching clips of airshow disasters or you're going to have a panic attack and I'M going to have to drive us to yout uncle's stupid birthday tomorrow!
How are things with Gramma K?
Wow! Who's been taking care of her?
Whew. I guess you went through kind of a rough patch?
I never wanted you to be Lenny Kravitz, Beef.
I understand. Thank you for being honest.
Beef? It's six AM...what are you doing up?
