I see those fancy California boys think I am of low mind. Oh if they knew the house I have spent with my van and my IEEE member directory.
FOOLS! I have invented a USB device which can collect votes from the Internet and drive a knife through your heart!
I AM THE FATHER OF MODERN DEATH! I HAVE OPENED A NEW CHAPER IN THE HISTORY OF MURDER! THEY CALL ME CRAZY, BUT THEY CAN'T CALL ME GUILLTY! NOTE WITH MILLIONS OF HANDS ON THE BLADE!
Hm this is nice work Todd
Who'd you study under
Hm based on the angle of retraction I would have thought The Fugue
For this style of attack though Red would have advocated Ferlinghetti's Axis which -
Oh I think you know your stuff alright
I see you used Simon Little's Patented Offensive For The Small in its place
A fine choice given the crowded room and the relative height of your target
Not to mention it shows a great deal of class
Alright Téodor I'm going to tell you a joke now
A man walks out of the dentist's office
The dentist has just charged him a HUGE amount of money for some very simple work
So he gets in his van and there are tears of frustration pouring down his face
He is screaming he is so mad
He gets the engine up to 8,000 RPMs and pops the clutch
The van plows through the dentist's office and completely destroys all the workers
Here are some of their hands
FROM THE HAUNTED LOINS
IN A MIGHTY EARTHEN CROCK
HIS BLOTED EYES POPPED FROM HIS HEAD
...and remember the time when a lady found a chicken head in McNuggets
I planned that out for ages
Worked at McDonald's for six months to get that one right
Hmmm...
Did you hear the one about the guy at Applebee's who found a whole human foot in his salad, with a Champion short sock on
That was a fun one
This is all well and fine for city folks but this strange woman makes no mention of proper country decorum and tradition
On Shooting One's Dog. The Shooting of a dog is a complex activity, despite depictions in the media. Depending on the occasion, it may be appropriate to invite guests. Naturally, such a situation creates an opportunity for protocol.
If the dog is to be dispatched for perpetual and ceaseless barking, neighbors will expect to be invited, and it is traditional that they give the host a six-pack of common beer, "despite all."
However, if the dog was audibly Taken by its master at the hour of its greatest nuisance, and there was no time to summon guests, beer should still be left upon the shooter's doorstep the following day.
If a dog is to be shot because a group of "Saturday men" can conceive of no wiser diversion, it is considered honorable to fist throw it a whiskey-soaked tennis ball or wad of barbecue.
Hello is this KPMA radio
Yes this is Peter Cropes calling for the 4:30 voice actor's audition slot
Yes I did receive the sample ad scripts via Carl's email
Yes ok I will start with number one
FACT! Ridley's Black Oak Grill serves the best Clams Casino in the entire tri-county area!
FACT! Ridley's Black Oak Grill will honor ANY competitors' coupon!
FACT! COME TO RIDLEY'S BLACK OAK GRILL TONIGHT AND MEET THE GIRLS OF HARTZHEIM LINCOLN-MAZDA, CONVENIENTLY LOCATED AT 421 GRAND AVENUE!
No this isn't Tim from accounting !
Well next time I "spend all night snorting huge rails of coke and doing push-ups to old Sam Kinison routines" maybe I just WILL call again !
Pat tell him
Tell him what happened
Pat has a Bad Problem
Pat cried but did not Accept that he cried
I would take a picture of a child
And I would put that picture on the Internet
No, they was all dressed and such
I would put speech bubbles above the child's head
And in the bubbles I would put pictures of my murders
Pat what is on the teevee got you so incensed
Is this that one where in the intro the two knights shake hands on a mountaintop and an eagle alights on top of their grip
Hello Arthur
I see a bunch of alive people with eggs and testicles
How was your visitation session, Pat
Did you talk to a friend
He give you anything
Nat Sherman Havana Ovals Give me those
Devils of Monte Carlo
1956
Apparently your friend Ray knows his movies
Hello, Lyle. I understand that you play on the bass.
I would like to form a music band with you, if you don't mind.
You see, I very much enjoy the stress I feel when many, many people are looking at me. I also enjoy music from time to time.
I will be the singer. You do not need to worry about the singing, I will take care of that task.
Actually, I have already finalized it. We will be called Mister Band. It is a good, honest name that people can believe in. What?
So then I said Can you put your legs behind your head
And she was like all Excuse me sir
And I was like My tongue can reach into my ears do you want to see
And she goes You're not welcome in this McDonald's anymore
So I was like Well Actually I'm not welcome in ANY McDonald's and do you know why
Then I just clenched my fists and SCREAMED as I stared straight into her eyes
I got in like a good eight second scream
That may not sound like much but try it sometime
The seemingly coincidental combination of Allman Brothers music and good country likker was actually calculated toward a particular effect.
You see, in order to write the finest biography the world has ever known, I could not leave the revelation of details to my subject. I needed an, "all-access pass."
Such powerful anodynes, when used with know-how, steal a man's soul from between his lips.
Ray was not unlike other men.
Well Ray It is very potent stuff so perhaps just give it a skosh longer to kick in
It is nto wise to drive with so much poteen in you Ray
uh huh mm hmm
Still, though, I could not sound his deeper waters, and began to grow worried.
well then
So here we are Philippe, the Super-Secret Ice Cream Shop.
Téodor
Téodor
Listen
I need to admit something to you
I know this is going to sound kind of ... weird
But I need some help making Icons for a Microsoft Power Point presentation
Pat said you were good with graphics
Man that is a big relief
Here is a list of some starters I will email you with the rest OK
Gentlemen before we start in with poker I would like to read a passage from the bible
Well in truth it is my bible "fan fiction"
I hope you like it
It is extremely private to me
ahem
...and on Day Twelve, God crawled among the chickens, thick did they run, and He slay His only son, by slicing across the Achilles tendon of His son, and His son fell into the chicken-mire and was powerfully consigned unto murder by Him—
Are you saying you don't like it Blister
Maybe if you offered constructive criticism I could IMPROVE future drafts!
FINE! I WILL FIND A DRIVER ON THE INTERNET AND IT HAD JUST BETTER WORK!
THE "LOGITECH QUICK CAM" USB DRIVER! PERFECT! GOOD! HERE GOES NOTHING!
AHA! I THOUGHT SO! THEY'RE ALL THE SAME!
WHERE ARE THE LIGHTS? I SAID THERE SHOULD BE RED LIGHTS DAMMIT!
Oh, 'round parts of West Virginia
Places you could sit under the old oak trees in the summertime and smell the hills around you baking
Watch the rain come once again in the fall
Bring fragrance to the land like herbs and a pestle
Mom-mom had to die because of the ground chemicals
Daddy had a disease which made his head ten percent smaller each year
Either of you boys know what "please locate the correct USB driver for this device" means?
Of course
Here's a little two-parter I discovered last summer that I am pretty proud of
Oh we all gonna answer when the big bell rings
We all got to answer that bell
That big bell gonna come ringin'
And send all the children to Hell
Um hello Ray this is Peter Cropes
Well good Ray um the reason that I am calling is very plain
I want to thank you for saving my life and I have an idea I think you might like
Well as you may know I am rewriting the bible
Téodor. Thank you for coming. You are a man who loves women?
Excellent. I am writing a romance novel, only I am having one problem and that is in describing a convincing attraction between a man and a lady.
For the life of me, I cannot figure out how a man can love a woman when a woman is just a screaming clear area with a wig on and a large middle where the smells come from.
I see. A, "writer's trick." Thank you, Téodor.
Chuck held 1 in his arms. Soon they would move to Africa together, but tonight they would lie in bed and 2.
Uh yes Hajul this is Peter Cropes?
Well I am having some trouble actually I think it is a "hardware driver issue"? Did you forget to provide one of those?
Now you listen to me you fancy son of a bitch from India--
Hello Ray this is Pete returning your call
Sorry I didn't pick up but at the time I was cutting off one of my fingers on the Internet
... I'm sorry you missed it too I guess I had better get you on my mailing list
Oh I been in prisons all over this land
Food was best at Big Blue
I keep killin' my cell mates
Oh I know what you're thinkin' Pat
Is he gonna kill me too
The answer is I don't know
Killin' is a special thing
It's a special thing you do
Téodor
Téodor
Listen I need to admit something to you
I know this is going to sound kind of...weird
But I need some help making icons for a Microsoft Power Point presentation Pat said you were good with graphics
Man that is a big relief Here is a list of some of the starters I will email you with the rest OK
I guess there were a lot of reasons I finally chose to leave West Virginia
Ugh
Even in death Mom-mom's eye will not stop Weepin'
How come I'M the one always got to shoot the dog when Daddy gets laid off
Oh no I grew Pubics
Daddy is gonna kill me for sure
Pat I did not ask for you to edit it. You assumed that I would want you opinion.
Who said anything would be bad about my book!
Picasso didn't ask people to help him improve a painting after it was done.
When I want your opinion I will cut it out of your brain and eat it and crap your opinion back into your skull.
Hm. I see. This is like women's television. You feel you are not, "being heard."
And do you know what I think of women?
I think that women are clear, like a horrible toy with no color in the plastic.
If they talk, it is the sound of glass breaking and birds burning in a shoebox.
In speaking that way, Lyle—of your needs—you have become the woman of this band.
I will remain as the leader, but you will no longer be allowed to play music. Your job now, as a woman, is to provide hot stews and identify your replacement.
One, two, three!
Oh hell man enough about me how about you Téodor
Where you from
An actuary huh
So like he created big tables of life expectancies based on lifestyle variables and such
Like whether a man lived in an urban area or commuted more than five miles a day
Seriously Pat try this liquor I made
I made it out of raisins that I fermented in a jar
It's kind of like a...Schnapps, if you will
Heh heh you'll get to like it
See Pat when I get out
I would like to open a company that sells cutting boards
But the thing that is special about my cutting boards
Is that they do not hold DNA evidence
Thank you for agreeing to go on an extremely long drive with me Ray
I find that often times the endless road allows the mind to wander and gives the thoughts a certain freedom to... "fraternize"
Well the way I see it there are two songs in the world
Ramblin' Man by the Allman Brothers
So let's call it "Ray's delite" and you can choose whichever one you like best
Okay then
The music lulled Ray into an almost hypnotic state, as it does with all men of good, easy character. I was pleased to see this.
After a spell he began to reveal his innermost secrets.
Before long we were at the secret redwood patch, and there I plied him with a strong country poteen of my own devisement.
I... AM... THE DEATH SOUND
AND I HAVE CUT MY BODY
I am told by many that the "Wii" video game system is the one to beat the band.
I am told that it appeals to elders, the Church, and all the others who took no truck with the video game notion in the first place.
I am also told that with various add-ons the Wii can, in "live time," integrate the full rangeof the player's motions into its games and challenges.
If that is the case, then perhaps I can finally Break into computers...on my terms. Perhaps I can finally make my Fortune as a designer of "software."
I have always considered that I would come into my wealth through isolated acts of genius, and not through fatherly toil. In this I have always been the Shame of my family.
So be it.
On this night, this eve of my reassessment of computers, I present my List of Games for Development. It shall be received by the makers of the Wii via Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested.
So then I said Can you put your legs behind your head And she was like all Excuse Me sir
And I was like My tongue can reach into your ears do you want to see
And she goes You're not welcome in this McDonald's anymore
So I was like Actually I'm not welcome in ANY McDonald's and do you know why
Then I just clenched my fists and SCREAMED as I stared straight into her eyes
I got in like a good eight-second scream. That may not sound like much but try it sometime
Pat
Pat do you think that it is bad for a man to give another man kisses
Or do you agree that it is okay
Mr. and Mrs. Kazenzakis, I bring you this gift. It is Asti Spumante, a wine famed for being served...for serving with chicken, beer, or fish.
Mr. and Mrs. Kazenzakis, I bring to you the gift of Martini & Rossi Asti Spumante. Save it now, or drink it later, to celebrate with almost any occasion
Ahem. Mr. and Mrs. Kazenzakis, on the day of your wedding, I bring you Asti Spumante. It is the perfect accompaniment to friends or light steaks.
Alright Lyle start playing on the bass and I will sing a song
Just play a good song like a man would play at a concert
IN THE TIME OF LEPRECHAUNS
It's kind of like
It's kind of like playin' a basketball game
I am there
and the other player is there
and it's just the two of us
and I put the other player's body in my van
and I am the winner
This guy plays it so cool.
Pat you know I have aspirations as a writer
... and that as such my road is often... "fraught" ...with proverty.
Okay Ray now let us touch on the subject of your childhood
Was it a good time of sun-gilded fields and friendships gone well
Or were there days so dark that your memory stands in with its own protective inventions
Mm hmm...and even further back now
The vile reek of your birth: was it more like a hot fresh liver left in a car on a summer's day, or was it tinged with your mother's super-heated tripe
Pat
Pat do you think that it is bad for a man to give another man kisses
Or do you agree that it is okay
