Yeah, I was right there with the midwife.
Like a dead booger that learned how to scream.
Comparing a human to a cat is like comparing Deep Blue to one of those shoes that people with clubfoot wear.
You belong to Mensa?
That's vivid! You went to a Mensa meeting, didn't you! Admit it!
You went to a Mensa meeting and tried to smooth some broad with a bag of raisins in her purse!
ALRIGHT, ALREADY! I'LL FEED YOU, YOU GREEDY HELL-DOG!
The baby went to a wedding where a spiritual man with body odor played enormous Paiste gongs for a long time before anyone was allowed to eat.
The baby was going to get to play with her great-grandfather's ukulele, but it turns out it's made from really valuable extinct koa wood, so now we all just feel really bad about what man has done to the planet in the name of ukuleles.
She walked straight to bed from the couch where we have bedtime stories, and climbed in! Next thing you know she will drive a car to college and marry a man named Clue Bucket. I do not miss the future.
Did you do a good job of babysitting the baby, Phillipe?
Thank you! Was she noisy much?
Wow, that was very responsible of you! Thank you for this information.
Wait. You're not one hundred percent sure if the second fart was real or not?
Do I need to erase the second fart, Phillipe? Yes or no.
You need to tell me immediately or the baby could get very sick. You wouldn't like that, right?
HONEY?! Start the car! The baby might not have fully articulated the second of a seven-series gas panel!
CUT!
Sorry, Ray. The readers are saying that they're tired of seeing you in the strip all the time.
They want to see other, more neglected characters.
Philippe! My! Look how you've grown!
Lyle, can you stop looking at that pornographic image for a second? I need to talk to you about rent.
Lyle!
LYLE!
DON'T PICK UP THAT TOWEL.
Téodor!
TÉODOR!
Come out to the studio and help me pack!
So what? You're up! Let's pack. We have a ton of orders to get out today.
NO! Let's GO! You can pack like that.
Like I give a damn! You're a bear. No one cares if a bear is naked.
I'll make you some clothes out of garbage. Come on, let's go already!
You have no idea. Let's go. Don't make me pick you up.
Wear that cup where you're supposed to. You're hung like a cranberry, and it bugs me.
She's taking me out for breakfast.
What does?
It's alright. I know you're from Circumstances.
