That son of a bitch... he shanked me! Son of a bitch shanked me! Kill him, Pete! Step on him! NOW!
Quit blabbing and kill him! KILL HIM!
And when I asked the people for a place to lay my head/They all shut their doors in fear/A park bench was my bed
How do you mean?
Incredible! Who else can we get to play?
Wow!
All we have to do is design a couple dozen more of these, and we're in business!
I...I'm...it's like I'm taking off a lead diving suit! Oh my god, I can feel the anxiety falling away in...in shrouds!
Oh my god, what if I did? I think I will!
Oh, screaming is so "new fag." I hate those squealing, mincing, fluttery-fingered fairies who go so over the top when they first come out. They make the rest of us look terrible.
I'm serious. It's like dressage: nobody makes it look worse than the amateurs.
Lighten up? Lighten UP?! Do you realize the kind of crap I have to deal with now that I'm gay?
Liberated? When I can't teach school in Texas or rent a car in Alabama? You call that liberated?!
You've got your blinders on, Simon! You might think the world is just a great big place for you to buy belts and Sangiovese, but people like me take things a little more seriously!
Ray, man! We gotta get inside! We can't be seen!
Yes, I told you he'd be here. You've had plenty of time to think about whether you're ready.
I can't hear this! Ray, give me that damn pen!
There! There! Sandwiches! That is how you spell Sandwiches!
Don't you try to talk me down, Ray! There's some people got to PAY for what they DONE!
Oh I think you'll find out pretty quick--
Yes, yes. Thank you. Rod is good. Lately we've been doing a lot of puzzles, actually. It's become kind of an obsession.
In fact, I've even begun designing my own socially responsible word puzzles. This one is called, Word UP!
Hopefully by naming it that and packaging it like a hip-hop CD, I'll trick at least a few of those aisle-panting Wal-Mart goiter-teens into making their moms buy it for them.
Here, get the cameras on this.
Think you can solve it?
Why, you arrogant bastard! You have NO business criticizing this work! I'd like to see you even TRY to make something like this!
Hah! "Series of lectures." Boy did I have HIM going!
Alright Steve, let's Party.
That's right, Steve. I rented the rooms on either side, just like last time. We don't have to worry about those cheap, thin walls, do we! So you go on ahead and let it out when Pat lays down the law.
BRAVEHEART?! I can't get off to this! RAY! You IDIOT! I'm out THREE HUNDRED DOLLARS!
What? WHAT?!
We... we're playin' hide and seek! It's my turn to hide!
Man, am I glad the warm weather's back.
Hey, I don't want to hea...
Enough, already!
You've got no class, man.
Daedalus_X, I would like to offer the following rebuttals to your RIDICULOUS claims.
: Daedalus_X I am having problems with the admin settings but you will be BLOCKED later tonight.
I came as fast as I could. How's he doing? Is the MRI over? Have you called his mother?
This will be what it'll be. There's no way of preventing whatever summoned his Magreaux dog.
I don't like hearing that any more than you like saying it, but we have to think forward now.
You and I both know what's going on here.
Thank you for coming over, Roast Beef. I made us some bulgur salad as a reward for when we get done reviewing my tax return.
You can tie that thing to the porch.
Well, filthy creatures ain't allowed in the house. Come along.
WHAT?! What did you just say to me?
Lyle! You absolute IDIOT! How DARE you interrupt my performance!
This one, prick?
Oh, this is RIDICULOUS! You're tryin' to cover up your decision to be gay with some outlandish fairy tale, and you're draggin' ME into your shame! GREAT PARENTING, SIMON!
I know the power of gay pornography! I will NOT look at your filthy propaganda!
NO! No they're not! He... he only looks like me! He...
But that man... he's everything I'm not... he's... deviant... rude... virtually unemployable...
...but bold, powerful... he's so full of energy... so playful... he has no... he isn't ashamed anymore...
They haven't made ANY attempt to accommodate modern dietary needs.
Every single dish has animal products in it. I refuse to participate in the industrialized slaughter of life.
Nope. Not me. Next!
Hush now, Pete!
Not now!
I do not! Lay off me, all of you! Hey, did you know that Nice Pete is Crazy?!
This is unbelievable!
How DARE you! How DARE DARE DARE you!
I don't know, man. He said 8:00 and it's, like, 8:15 probably.
So... what are you in for, Nice Pete?
Y-you mean naked pictures?
Then why are you in prison?
Ooh! It's PAYBACK time, Cymulon! So much for YOUR seat at high court!
I can't believe you don't watch Trials of Honour. It is such intelligent programming.
It's a falcon, and yes.
Cornelius!
Lyle needs me to send him one of his guns. Where does he keep them?
I ain't no boob, I'll figure it out.
Allright, I gotta go. Let me get a taste of that... that pinot grigio?
Hello, Arthur.
This is Nice Pete. I am his sponsor.
Oh, it was fine. Just my old fool neighbor Ray.
Just this fancy pack of smokes Damn fool knows I'm trying to quit!
H--hey! Nice Pete, why you breakin' them all apart?!
What?
Are those lockpicks?!
Listen, man. I need to borrow your peice for a little while.
I'd rather not say.
THEY CLOSED MY SUBWAY, RAY! THEY TOOK IT ALL AWAY!
It's My turn! It's MY turn to take somethin' away!
My sister and her new husband came over and watched TV. It was real mellow, dig.
Who in the hell?
Oh, hi Ray. I'm sorry, I didn't get you anything.
I... "To Shave a Sailor"?
Ahem. Vegan. Yes.
Not at all Mrs. Smuckles. Vegans eat a wider variety of foodstuffs than anyone. We just don't eat animal derived products.
Not really, no. No cheese for me.
No. This is an ethical decision to not involve the slavery of animals in my sustenance.
I'm not AFRAID of animals! I RESPECT them!
Wow, Ray-- you got an AIBO?
I heard you could teach these little guys stuff!
R-R-Rutherford! STOP this terrible BEHAVIOR!
STOP IT!
NOW HOW WOULD I KNOW THAT?!
HOW WOULD I KNOW THAT THAT ROBOT DON'T EJACULATE?!
Why thank you, Vegetable Brain!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!
You told the boy I had an aquarium.
Never mind, I'll get you started on the paperwork. Look for my fax.
Ray! I'm on a mission! It's part of my outfit!
To spread Niceness throughout the world!
Not anymore! Not since I got electrocuted! I'm a changed man!
No, but I endorse their message of love and respect!
And as I walked across this land of dirt and pain and dust
I saw our people ground beneath The wheels of greed and lust
Ray! This is Pat! Listen to me!
Do I really need to hold during your entire damn morning routine?!
Roast Beef just threatened to sexually assault me! I need your gun!
Oh, so you're gonna play THAT card, huh!
Thank you...uh...those were the opening notes to Day Tripper.
What in the devil?
RAY! Your banjo is trying to kill me! It's dragging me down the street!
I'm at...I'm at Tate and Marshall! Come get this damned thing off me!
What?!
Oh, come on. Everybody at least knows what Bastille Day is.
You know, I'm not entirely unsympathetic to learning disorders. Perhaps there could be a special school where you play-act historical events in order to be able to remember them.
I suppose for an extra fee you could get the entire significance of your chosen topic completely wrong, yes.
That fool opened a brew pub?
That fool don't know how to open no brew pub
We'll have two beers, jackass!
Ray, this is Pat. I need you to come over and sample my new trail mix recipe. I'll expect you in five minutes.
I don't dig on Craisins, man.
Whoah! Is that...
There's a broad at this party!
What's this I hear about you runnin' for President, Philippe?
Let's just chat about the issues for a spell, then.
Where do you stand on gay folks gettin' married? That's a hot topic.
You know, sam sex couples.
Homosexuals!
No, Philippe -
That's not it at all!
You know I don't like it when you talk about your
I... I'm not seeing a lot of vegan options here.
So Rod's a boor. Oh well, everyone needs a project.
I don't patronize any artificial systems that create needless suffering, is all.
You can sass all you want, but that slice of cheddar means a hopeless cow sits trapped in a tiny, smelly pen all day.
If you weren't Rod Huggins, I'd probably leave you with your cheddar and the check right about now.
This is Hollandaise! He was the first thing I saw after I woke up from the electrocution!
Dig.
Well hello there Philippe. I'm Mike Love, world famous lead singer of the Beach Boys. Would you like to meet the rest of the band?
I'm gonna eat some vegetables and go out surfin all day, then maybe get my jingle on, man smoking drugs is A-OK
None of your--GIVE ME THAT!
give...me...thaaaaat!
Well, yes, but I don't have--
Don't mention it, Arthur.
Thank you.
Aw nuts, hold on. It's my cell phone.
Dammit, Ray! You KNOW I only keep this cell phone for emergencies! What's the matter with you? Why did you call me? You KNOW I got a terrible rate plan from Cingular! This is probably costin' me like five bucks! Do you have an apple for a brain? Do you not LISTEN to a word I say?!
Yeah, I said it! Apple for a brain, motherfucker! That's right!
Why don't YOU start, Ray? Seems to me like you got the most ground to regain!
Roast Beef, this is Pat. I am very angry with you right now. This is because you stole my spaceship.
Well, obviously I am going to travel into outer space!
Oh yeah. Always wanted to go into space. Always.
Sorry, Roast Beef! There's only room for one. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go get suited up.
YOU CAN'T JUST TALK! TODAY IS A RAISING YOUR HAND DAY! THAT'S JUST THE WAY IT IS!
Oh, Jesus Christ! Who calls anybody anymore?! How rude! Pete, my hands are all sopping wet! What does caller ID say?
Oh, stop it, nobody likes a funny-ass!
Oh, crap! It went to the machine! You know I'm waitin' on a call back from Bill and Don In The Morning!
Shell? What shell? Why do they want me over so bad?
I've been incarcerated on a number of occasions. Stand back and watch the master, you fools.
Ray! I heard you were on a restricted diet! Good for you. I've brought over some of my favorite eco-telligent best-stitutes for you to try.
Annie's Almond Animal marzipan Kod Kubes... Pinhole of Glory Macro-biotic Microbagels...
...Bitter Barry's "Ape Grapes," gum, "Mr. Kruschev Don't Push That Button Mushroom" dried criminis...
...Vital Chemistry orange-flavored "Colon Loofah", Dredger Dan's Spirulina-kopita...
Ooh, and this just hit the market: Noam "Chompsky" radicchio tape! Forget what you know about craveless nori!
You see that blue button right in the middle of the console?
That's just the sound system! Press the button next to it. That begins the landing sequence.
Very funny, Ray. Here, I brought some of my homemade chocolate-covered cherries.
Only take one!
Oh, you know me, I can't resist improving the original while reducing fat and calories. I replaced the chocolate with potassium-enriched carob,
And instead of a nasty little cherry drenched in toxic alcohol, I've used prunes. It's 100% vegan.
Perhaps you'll want to take that back when I tell you that this recipe won a contest on the official MOBY website!
AAAAIIIAUGH!
Do you like clover, Mr. Bunny? I like to FEED you clover!
Hi boy! Good dog! Good BOY, Magnus!
/No...NO! Oh dear god please stop!/
Why do they keep movin' you around?
Dammit, Ray! What! Do! You! Want! Quick now! Quick! QUIIIICK!
Oh, Jesus! What's the cheapest I can go in for?
What in the devil is Chain of Behavior?
Huh. I buy that.
How do you qualify?
Coarse, but it's at least a step in the right direction. Fine, put me down.
Uh Ray I'm feelin' a little dizzy
Uh... what's going on here
Why am I up here?
Oh... uh... I have a guitar. I guess I should play a song.
Well, let's not get ahead of ourselves. Which system are you using--a Lijlson-Greaves ratio, or an open Tanoku matrix?
Whoah, whoah, whoah. That's not composting. There are very strict rules.
No, no, NO! DEAD wrong! Jesus CHRIST, Ray!
People have done a LOT of work figuring this out! Your arrogant newbie blasphemy is . . .
. . . it's an AFFRONT to the DIGNITY of SOIL!
Stop this at once!
YOU ARE ASININE!
Goodbye, Ray.
He...he had a private place, yeah!
He'd never say...but one time when he came home he was carryin' a Bell Market bag!
Yeah, and his van always had this dried white mud around the wheel wells!
I understand you finished your new book! Here, I'll edit it.
Well, I'm an excellent critic! I automatically know when someone's done a bad job. Before you ask, yes it's a mixed blessing.
Oh, you've got to be kidding me! You're not so arrogant as to think you didn't make any mistakes!
If he had he might have had churned out such weird crap! The man thought he could just fool around! Heh! "Nuh-uh, mister!"
Why look at you, Ray! Openly reading smut in public!
Give me that!
I'm going to put this in the TRASH where it belongs!
Aha! They finally answered my letter!
It's stupid that criminals are punished by incarceration only!
Do you honestly think that the kind of guy who gets caught stealing a Tv set... ...has the mental goods to consider what it will be like to be strippled of his liberty?!
Foucault wold have recomended Monarchial Punishment as well! Preventive public displays of the torture and execution of criminals!
Actually, you're on the right track, Rod In the Morning.
...Bono?
I...I mean... this might be kind of radical for him... but he seems... sensible, you know?
Oh crung! Ain't no way I can face him!
What do you mean you're still in bed? It's ten thirty-eight in the morning!
That's disgusting. Sleeping that much has to be terrible for you.
That's pathetic, Ray. Lazy reasoning from a lazy man.
Society observes a covenant to operate during specified --
Apparently he's like the Dr. J of murdering people!
Aren't you guys doing anything to get me out of here?
Well, what are you doing about it?
R-Rod Huggins?!
I just rented SoftBoys: Picnic Panic XXVI last week!
How you still manage to look genuinely panicked at having left the picnic basket at home for the twenty-sixth time is... incredible! How do you do it?
Juilliard. I knew it! The way you and Trot Husky squabble in XXIV--about who forgot the picnic basket--it was Rosencrantz & Guildenstern all over again!
Ray! Did you know that your Cadillac Escalade only gets twelve miles per gallon?
Téodor! Did you know that it takes three acres of grain to produce one pound of beef?
Cornelius! If you're actively enjoying that alcohol, you need to consider intensive therapy and total abstinence.
Yo mama smokes so much meth, the put the tooth fairy up at the Radisson!
Yo mama so primitive, after she uses the bathroom her hind legs scrape at the floor!
yo mama so greedy, she won't pee.
Yo mama got such bad breath, dogs get calories by huffin' her mouth!
We be talkin' dirty!
Do you think you can hang with the dirtiest dudes in town?
Then say the dirtiest thing you can.
Man, that was dirty!
Did you really think I wouldn't figure it out?! HUH? You BITCH?
I cannot BEAR this! You know NOTHING of this instrument!
Hush! Always so quick to speak, Roast Beef!
Now, sit and experience an original instrumental composition which will, in five parts, evoke...
...the coming of age of a boy whose father was killed in the Civil War.
See if you can tell which battle!
What is it?
Ech! It's kind of like rocket fuel!
Been gettin' in shape, boy!
No, no, no. Total body fitness - cardio, aerobics, strength training, diet, the works! Even got me a personal trainer down at Pacific Health Club!
You don't get THESE programmin' a computer!
Hello, Ray. Thank you for inviting me over. Yes, please.
I appreciate that. Knowing who stands where on the subject is something of a relief.
Not cool, Ray.
I don't ask what happens between your sheets!
Well, why don't you imagine "takin' it in the can" and let me enjoy my privacy!
I refuse to answer that question Ray.
You are unforgivable, Ray.
Are you drunk again?
Roast Beef! Do you plan to return my spaceship anytime soon?
Well, obviously I am going to travel into outer space!
Oh yeah. Always wanted to go into space. Always.
Sorry, Roast Beef! There's only room for one. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go get suited up.
Thank you for agreeing to evaluate my new eco-friendly, gluten-free CheatLoaf.
Take a bite, chew it carefully, and notice what I've done.
Well?
Decreased portobello, frost pepper, and ground cukewurst. Just eat it, already!
OK, then! What's the verdict, Amigos?
Vlad, I wanted to... to apologize to you for what I did.
You sent those?!
But... but why?
Man, what a couple of fools.
If you're going to have a stupid conversation, at least do it when you're not driving!
Eggnog isn't made with butter. It's made with heavy cream. Which is still better for you than driving on the phone.
"Nice Pete!" That doesn't sound like such a bad guy to share a cell with!
Where... where are you taking me?! Stop! STOP!
Oh my god this isn't happening this isn't happening this isn't--
Okay, Pat, you're panicking! What would Mr. Gary say to do...
That's it! I'll pretend I'm somewhere peaceful!
I'm... I'm at a paper store! Look at all the paper!
The paper is nice, and good. No one has ruined it yet.
Oh crap! There's some paper-selling moron in the employee break room! I don't want to talk to him.
Wait, I am in control.
Oh, well would you look at that! It isn't a worker after all!
It's... Moby! And he wants to share his package of wasabi peas with me!
Yes, Moby, I would like to hear about a car that runs on free Tomatohol.
The science is ahead of the funding? Well, isn't that always the way.
We have to test them on actual shoppers now, to make sure no one picks them up.
Unfortunately, I have to attend a series of lectures in a nearby town. Can you handle this?
What's it like to...what's it like to kill someone, Pete?
Like I suckled a six pound hornet! Now why don't you do me a favor and shuffle your shit-makin' ass the hell OUT of here!
Where did you get this ridiculous dog, Ray?
Why would you want that much zin, man?
How come?
Well, which is it! Neil Young or Neil Diamond? You can't be both!
Well what's THAT supposed to mean?
Oh, he's all high and mighty now that he's on the moon!
Oh there you go, joinin' in, just like always! I guess friends DON'T change!
What the... why the hell you care so much?
I refuse to answer that question, Ray.
You are unforgivable, Ray.
Are you drunk again?
What did I tell you, Ray! Off limits.
Well, what about you, then. Did you have a bunch of sex and hoot and holler and point one finger in the air?
Did you really think I wouldn't figure it out?! HUH? You BITCH?
I don't know man, he said 8:00 and it's, like, 8:15 probably.
You need to raise money for a trip to the "gubberment"? Is that some sort of cool "vibbeo gabe" palace? Go get pegged in a room, supper chunks.
Hello I was wondering as to the price of a big old vagina?
Never do they answer my questions with anything relevent
Oh yeah, can't wait to piss onto this toaster
yummmmmmm-yyyyy
whoo boy
I just want to say that America is a sham! It's nothing more than a system of financial penalties!
No, stupid! A parking ticket!
Apparently you can't park at a broken meter! A BROKEN METER THAT MY TAX DOLLARS PAID FOR!
It's right out in front of 715 Lomax! God DAMN it! DAMMIT!
Screw you, Arthur! Go sit on a canary! You know you'd be good at it!
Yeah? How much dignity did you have last week when you smoked Mr. Gary's pole over behind the basketball equipment?!
What? Why did you call me in here?
"Nice Pete!" That don't sound like such a bad guy to share a cell with!
Dear Sirs: Please find enclosed one (1) Exclusive "Pork Pie Hat," size 2 5/8.
I am returning this item because I feel your catalog uses deceptive language in describing its contemporary appeal. As it turns out, NO-ONE likes to see a man in a "Handsome Pork Pie Hat."
I have even suffered the indignity of having a large sandwich thrown at my head/hat.
Also enclosed please find a check for $39.99 to cover the cost of one (1) Darwin Fish Bolo Tie Ring (item #4985). Sincerely, Pat Reynolds 901 Grosvenor Achewood Estates CA
