That is craaazy mysterious!
Oynay oblempray, hombre.
I won fifty-eight bucks off the dog! That stupid bastard.
Of course!
'sup, Pops?
Eh, it was nothin'.
Excuse me, Todd?
Anatomical car concepts, huh. Like those fake nutbags they got for hangin' off trailer hitches?
Okay, okay. I'm listening.
Uh huh. And this represents the actual dog phallus, not just the dog's oat tote?
Okay, alright. Keep goin'.
Okay then. Well. What I typically offer entrepeneurs at this stage is guidance, and maybe a tiny seed, or "angel," investment.
Todd, "Boy Dog" is compelling, but it doesn't cover the market. What about "Girl Dog"? People obviously want to think that their cars can nail each other. That is a given. How well the business community addresses those needs is up to you and me. It's an exciting time.
uh-pfuh
uh-pssssh
uh-pfuh
uh-pssssh
THAT WIZ-ARD... HE ATE IT... HE ATE THAT COELACANTH!
Yaaaaaaawn! Yawn yawn yawny-yawn!
Oh, that's right!
I put 2,000 Flushes in the toilet last night! I can't wait to see the great blue color that it made!
Hooray, man! Today already rocks!
Man, that is one hell of a beautiful color.
Bless the baby angel who is in charge of days like today.
Roast Beef! Get up here! Check out this!
You want to go on a little mini-vacation to paradise? Come look in my toilet, dude!
Wait right here! I'm gonna bring up the hibachi and call the fellows!
What's the deal with Polack jokes, man?
I mean, you ever met a Polish dude? They're little, and they can be pretty mad if someone is messing around, but they ain't dumb.
I'm fine with jokes about Italians eatin' plastic fruit in a lobby, or Irish guys named Paddy who can't figure out how to walk down stairs, but I am just NOT down with Polack jokes.
Gimme a Japanese dude gettin' arrested for throwin' up panty-hose at a city meeting, or a German who gets so bored by his haircut that he dies, but leave the Poles alone.
PFUH! Why do I even subscribe!
Look at that! Only 240 miles home! You gonna be hungry before we get there?
We gotta find us a Underground and grab us some Subway!
Hey Téodor! It's Ray! Look, doggie, we gonna be home in a little while but we gotta get us some Subway first! Can you look on the Internet for--
What? For real?
He says they got four new Subways in the neighborhood since we left!
Hey man. My nephew wants you to come talk dirty at his birthday party. Can you dig it?
You know what else don't smoke, drink, or tap ass on a lazy Tuesday mornin'? Grocery carts with rain on the handle. Tanks. Morrissey. You ain't rad for suckin'; you're lame for bein'.
Fuck him! Jokin' around ain't supposed to BE hard work!
Fuck you it is. In this economy, you're lucky I ain't just walk in here and put a shotgun in my mouth.
Tell you what. Bring me a bottle of your most on-the-house wine, and I'll let you smell my Caddy. Oh, and six bucks for the meat. I know you got to make a profit.
Like a modern day Woody Guthrie, cold singing the Song of America.
Alright, Pat, if we're gonna do this, we're gonna do it all the way.
I mean STADIUM EVENT. Think Woodstock, baby. A festival of love and respect, long overdue in our land. Can you dig it?
Oh, I'll get some of the other big bands from my label. Don't you worry.
Butters, we been in here fifteen minutes. Why ain't we just get our bags and head back to the gate.
I will listen to music with you for ten minutes, Butters.
Whoah! Butters! My legs! My LEGS, dude!
I... I can't feel my legs! I'm... I'm blackin' out... I'm... zzzzzz
YOU GONNA STAND THERE WITH YOUR BUTT ON THE BACK OF YOUR BODY OR ARE YOU GONNA GET IN ON THIS, BEEF?
Get in, man! I need a hand here! Hurry!
Alright, Beef! You take the wheel and head for the gate! I'm gettin' in the back!
There! Video clerk sees you slap that down on the counter, his eyes don't even focus. All the elements are perfectly balanced to turn off curiosity.
... and inside? You guessed it! Steve's Party!
I'm glad you agree, man! We gonna make a mint!
Oh, yeah! Thanks, Beef!
Ein, Currywurst, Bitte!
Heh! What?
Heh, sorry! What?
Well then why's he bein' such a prick about it?!
Man, I ain't even off the train two minutes and already I got some guy thinkin' I'm touched in the head!
Dang, man! Fatherhood, huh?
You even see the delivery?
So what does a human baby look like right when it first comes out? Spill it, O!
I tell you, man. A baby cat comes out, it's like,
"Meow, people. Meow. Shit be good on this fine day."
Hey, man, don't knock my I-Quizzie.
183 is serious times, dogg.
Oh hell no, man. I hate watchin' unshaved librarians do the limbo under some dude's cane.
Don't ask me stuff, man! You just had a baby! Be cool!
Ain't you gotta talk on the phone to your mom about how the baby opened its left eye or something?
Grrr! Roas' beef! Mmmmm!
Grrr! GRRRR!
RRRR! RRRR!
How the hell did you get into the Fight, Beef?!
You HACKED your way into the Fight?
Still, man, you can't hack a massive furious Nazi from San Bernadino. You got to raise your fists!
I know you like to read Nate Small and all, but when you ever been in any single fight?
Dude! What the hell?!
You did that on purpose?
What's all this, Todd?
Man, you dumbass squirrels ain't nothin' but trouble!
I don't want any of this!
I start doing coke, next thing you know it's a bandana and a needle full of Hi-Five!
Two weeks later I wake up in a tub full of ice, barely able to bid for my own kidneys on eBay!
Dang, Beef! ComCast ain't fixed your cable internet yet?!
How long's it been since you been on-line, anyway?
What, like you won't know how to use the programs?
Téodor! Good morning! It's Ray Smuckles, down at the agency-
I was just wondering why you hadn't come in yet today! Can I expect you in a little bit?
No! No! That's not it! I...I need some help with the computer!
The computer is... uh, it's got this weird... YOU'RE LAID OFF SORRY GOODBYE
Tina! It's Ray! Listen, I think we need to spend more time apart. Cool? Cool!
Yo Beef! Let's do up a little "couples' dinner party" for Connie and that new chick! Make sure she ain't just playing him for a sugar daddy with a bum ticker, you know?
Tite, man. My place, tonight, you and Molly and Connie and that chick and me.
Well, she's a stripper so you ain't exactly got to look like one of those dudes from the Dutch Masters box.
It ain't like I'm gonna put a black-light over her seat and announce that the digestif is a Jager shooter from between her tits!
The Hindenburg of walkin' into a room sees ME screwin' this up?! Stay home, dude. I'll brief you later.
Téodor. Welcome. Very lucky for you that you showed up just now. Congratulations, in a way.
We've made a discovery. A breakthrough. Please, remove your pants.
And notice the internal calm you feel.
Agreed. I had no plans.
Alright, you gitch'yself on up to your room and finish your homework.
Let me know if you need any help.
What makes you think I can't help you with computer science?
I can do anything I need with the computer, and you'd be wise to admit that to yourself!
That Right Stuff bomber jacket is gonna put you through college, young man!
That car is the car that Trent Reznor drove in high school! If you get in, you are certain to experience total despair!
Where you no-name goons been? Pat's comin' outta the closet! This shit is better than Sopranos!
Pat saw the gay pics of himself and that gave him hella pause!
Yaaaaaaaawn! Yawn yawn yawny-yawn!
Oh, that's right! I put 2,000 Flushes in the toilet last night! I can't wait to see the great blue color that it made!
Hooray, man! Today already rocks!
Man, that is one hell of a beautiful color. Bless the baby angel who is in charge of days like today.
Roast Beef! Get up here! Check out this!
You want to go on a little mini vacation to paradise? Come look in my toilet, dude!
Wait right here! I'm gonna bring up the hibachi and call the fellows!
Excuse me, Todd?
Anatomical car concepts, huh. Like those fake nutbags they got for hangin' off trailer hitches?
Okay, okay. I'm listening.
Uh huh. And this represents the actual dog phallus, not just the dog's oat tote?
Okay, alright. Keep goin'.
Okay then. Well. What I typically offer entrepreneurs at this stage is guidance, and maybe a tiny seed, or "angel," investment.
Todd, "Boy Dog" is compelling, but it doesn't cover the market. What about "Girl Dog?"
Téodor! We gonna take off now! It was a real good time, dig?
Téodor? Naw, baby -- he's out cold. What's in the box?
A secret, huh? Well, that's real sweet of you. Yeah, we'll make sure he gets it. Who can we say it's from?
Okay, Penny. Drive safe now.
My name's Ray, by the way.
Man, these Gilmore Girls just talk too goddamned much!
Seriously, man! Who writes this shit?
Nerdy bitches on speed?
This show stone cold blows! I'm gonna go outside and have a smoke.
you can stay in here and watch this show that totally /sucks/!
holy fuckin' hell, Pat! What are you doin' outta prison? What the shit?
Well /all fuckin' right/, man! Just come into the goddamned house already!
Crap, dude!
a doo-da doo-da doo-da doo!
Heh! Oh my God! Dog shit!
Man, how long has it even been?
Hey Beef, man, You won't believe I just stepped
Huh. Let's see… I think the 22' Jackhammer Subwoofer I just put in the Escalade. It's 6,000 watts.
Check it out, dude! It's so heavy I had to use Mr. Wheels!
How's this gonna work? Are we going to knock him out with bass, like that one villain in Krunkman Kronicles?
Dang, look at that bling! Congratulations! I KNEW he was gonna pop the question this week!
Dad! It's me, Ray! From... from Sondra, you know!
How'd we do, dad? How'd we look?
It's okay, dad, Beef said he'd lay it down for me! I'm gonna drop him easy.
But... but I can't beat real on Beef! He's my oldest friend!
Look, Beef! I just drew all these dots around my arm like I was Frankenstein!
Okay...but still - pretty cool, huh!
Kind of weird. It's like, the color of everything there is just slightly notgood enough.
And the celebrities, they're not as good as real celebrities. They all look like middle-school teachers who don't know about conditioner.
Uh huh, exactly. Plus maybe a small bowl of pears in syrup.
Yeah...being an English celebrity is kind of like being an Italian car: you can go about eighty miles in any one direction before everybody stops caring who you are and just gets mad at you for smoking.
Daaamn, Doc Andretti drives a green Miata? I thought doctors had good cars...
A doctor should have at least an SL or a 5-Series. A Miata is Hasbro. Maybe he got it during residency and is just keeping the battery alive until his gardener asks for it?
I'll make Roast Beef a quick little fake one. He'll get a laugh out of it and I can say I'm sorry.
There! Perfect. It ain't get more Beef than that!
Whoops--oh, crap. Accidentally sent that to Roane Shaughnessy at Channel 7 News...damn auto-complete!
How's my new sign coming, Phillippe?
Dang, that ain't how you spell "sandwiches"!
No, little guy! Here --
--like this!
What's the matter, Pat?
You sure aout that, Pat? Looks kinda funny to me.
Hi Mom! Say, how do you spell "sandwiches"?
People hella wig on ahi, but to me it just don't taste like much. Emperor has no clothes.
Everyone's like, "Oh Japanese guy, you are not American so your tasting must be so much better than mine!"
"I hate myself for only liking hot crusty steaks! I am dumb!"
'Sall the same to me, homeness.
Waterbury, um, are you a secret agent instead of a butler?
My cordless phone accidentally picked up your call to the Queen last night.
So this whole time you could have like done judo and kicked me on the face?
You need a couple bucks for the road?
Oh, look. He forgot his newspaper!
So you gettin' cold feet about movin' in with Molly, huh?
You're thinkin' too far ahead, Beef. Just do it, and if you don't dig it, you can stay in my pool house 'til it all blows over.
You feel like you got to take care of everybody, man. That chick probably needs you like she needs a hot shovel.
Well, what do you think?
It's a good costume, man! It symbolizes a clown!
A clown is incredibly hot, fool!
Why you think moms always hire clowns for they kids' parties?! Kids hate clowns! But Moms know that a clown packs!
Dude, I paid eight hundred bucks for this. Is it a total loss?
I'm ready, doff. I'm callin' Garfield.
Hey Garfield! Is this Garfield?
You cold have a peter in your mouth
Garfield, you gotta wrap it up, man. Lasagna, Mondays, people have it all figured out. You are kind of like an idiot who keeps pressing the same button.
Say it! You don't even try anymore!
Hey Garfield!
up yours Garfield
Anything, doc. Whatever you think is necessary.
I got to have this wiuth two other dudes at the same time?
Holy crap! Cornelius? Lyle? What are you guys doin' in here waitin' for videol colonoscopies?
Téodor? What are you talkin' about? This ain't funny, dude.
Bensington Butters!
That son of a bitch set this whole thing up?!
So long, fellows. No colonoscopy for me today. I got business to attend to.
Dude, what are you wearing? That ain't like you!
You know, I been readin' a lot about that lately.
Itchy leg syndrome, like amputees get! Missin' something that ain't there!
Damn, talk about the missing link! Havin' that weight hangin' there is totally releasin' wonderful hormones in my brain!
Dogg! What if, in prehistoric times, everyone had large dongs?
But, to this day, we miss them! No wonder society is so screwed up! *We're all standing around wondering where our real dongs are!*
It's like, when a guy in traffic is honking, in a way he is actually *crying out for his own dong!*
Nice. Alright, time to film me bustin' through the wall and yellin' at him. Then you can edit this all together, year?
s-sup
Right, totally. You sure I can bust down this wall, right? We only got one take, you know.
Huh...what should I yell...Wait, what direction do I go in, even? Crap, dude.
Okay then. Let's run some tests. We got to see what the optimal weight to hang off the front of the body is.
Here, I'm going to put a big plastic cup where my phone holder is, and you pour water into it one ounce at a time. I'll notice how I feel as the cup gets heavier.
Normal. I feel really normal.
Whoa! Night and day! One more ounce and I feel FOUR times happier.
Can't we prank Cathy TOMORROW? I'm tired.
All right. But I ain't got a lotta firepower.
Hello- Cathy?
Now I gently push you back against the pillows.
Cathy...
So, Roast Beef, what are you gonna buy with your first million?
That's it?! You gotta think big, Beef! You gotta buy a baseball team or a Bentley or something!
Watch this!
I'm in a bad place, Beef. I screwed somethin' up pretty big, actually. Rally 'round a brother?
Hey, man. I need you to emcee this lesbian erotica contest I got about to start. Wear this, cool?
Sorry, man, too late! Just read the lines off the teleprompter!
Hi! Waterbury? Ray Smuckles!
So, things didn't go too good with James Brown, huh?
Huh! What finally put you over the edge?
Philippe! You wanna see a neat trick?
Come with me! We gonna go visit Roast Beef!
Roast Beef! Philippe wants to see how small you can make your eyes.
What? What is it, Lassie.com?!
Little NEPHEW? In the jacuzzi?! Oh my god!
noooOOOOOO!
Hey, dammit! We TALKED about this!
Damn, Lyle! I forgot Tina's birthday again!
Oh, it is. But I got all drunk once and promised her that she had another one on September 26th, "as far as I was concerned."
Sheesh... lessee... There was that 85-story Bloomingdale's in my backyard... THAT never got built... The year before that I said Martha Stewart would come over and sing and cook us dinner... I even got GROCERIES for that one... jeeez...
Baby, Martha Stewart is comin' over to cook us this ugly-ass fish!
And this one time I even dressed up like a damn strawberry and sat in a big tub of cream! ...wait, that wasn't her birthday. I was all alone that night.
The HELL I just walked home from Mexico! Somebody cook me some damn Emeril food!
Emeril food! Now! Why come ain't nobody stuffin' a lasagna inside a turkey! Where's the butter? Put butter on what I said!
What I NEED is a steak sandwich so big it's got a snout at one end and a tail at the other! Four damn leg holes in the bun! Just walk it to the table and shoot it!
I was gonna walk home from Mexico, but after a few miles I decided not to, and then I lost my wallet in a damn stream! How you like them shakes?
You think they just let any old deranged freak with plastic bag shoes use the phone at Western Union?!
I didn't call 'cause a player has his pride. This particular player also has a spider bite so big I should probably get it tennis lessons. Excuse me.
Damn, man. I think Tina wants to get back with me.
Oh, nothin'... just this MIX TAPE.
Sheesh. How many "Tony, Toni, Toné" songs can a dude listen to.
Enough already! Why don't I call in some Boston Market.
Hug the Fuck out of 'em Philippe!
Téodor! Just the man I been wantin' to see!
Listen, T, do you think we can use that computer of yours to whip me up a CD?
Good-bye Achewood, Hellllll-o Hollywood!
Alright, T!
Here, man! Take this banjo and practice some while I come up with new lyrics.
Oh, and take my spare two-way mobile so you can lay it on your dresser and we can jam hands-free later!
Alright, man! I figured out MUCH good-timey lyrics! Hit it!
THE HEART OF THE CHRISTIAN SHALL RUN THICK WITH THE SEWAGE OF SODOM! THE HOG SHALL LAY WITH THE PRAWN!
AAAIIIIIGHT!
Dang, man! How come I"m lyin' on the floor? Why's it so smoky all up ins?
Man, I ain't lost. I been at Tina's.
What do you mean, they put up a sign? What's it say?
Hell yes I can still sport wood!
Let's say you on the road, you know, and you ain't got your crew with you.
It's like escorts, yeah, but instead of fingerless elbow-length gloves and gettin' in the bed, these boys show up "Crackin' OEs and Packin' PS3s."
Yeah, man. We ahd to come up with disclaimers out the wazoo. Here's just one page of 'em:
Yeah...you're right. Insistin' that they snap a pic of an already off-contract player's barn door could open up a whole host 'a trouble.
I...I think we'll just strike all language as pertains to that issue.
Right...last thing I need is militant players on my front lawn wavin' KEEP YOUR LAWS OFF MY BARN DOOR signs and torchin' perfectly good Tommys.
Ooh, okay. Here, let's talk over here.
So what's the story, Lie Bot?
Hm. I'll need to know what that is.
Extremely interesting. Would need to change the name for mass-marketing, though.
Wow. Yeah.
Hmm... tomorrow... what's on my plate tomorrow...
Roast Beef! How do I protect my computer from Spy-Ware?
So I just download it and it gets all the problems away?
Don't snoop around! Just download the damn program!
I...I had to look a lotta stuff up for my advice column!
Whoah, can't Todd read?
Check this out!
Ich liebe meine Kultur
Aber, kann ich umsteigen?
nein.
You know what you need? Cards for times of dudes. Dude-to-Dude cards ain't even a category yet, and you can own it.
Pat! Pat You gotta be careful in that boat! It ain't finished!
Who, Pat? Who you goin' after?
Damn, man! What was that all about?
Is... is this diabetes? I always thought it only happened to other people... the unlucky ones...
YOUR BODIES SHALL ROLL IN GREAT TUBS OF LICE!
THE GREAT LORD SATAN SHALL... Shall administer...
Dang there it went again! I got to call Doc Andret--
he shall... he'll... he'll smite you... where it counts
Hey, who left this nice tasseled loafer out here in the yard?!
This was gonna get sprinklered on if I didn't find it!
Whoever left this out here is hella lucky I found it!
Looks like a pretty expensive shoe...
What brand is it anyway?
Whoah, was that a little noise?!
Heh! Man, what a scene!
All that's missin' is the retired band teacher with the self-inflicted gunshot wound!
Oh well, best try to get some nutrition goin' on here.
Ain't nobody else on the Acres gettin' solids.
One day left. Ray Smuckles, you have played it damn cold this far. Have another spork of Christian Brothers.
Do it for the children.
I...I have to kick Roast Beef's ass! My oldest friend!
There's just no other way!
I can't let some maniac do it... I...I got to do it myself so I can make sure it ain't too severe... just enough to get him out to safety...
Things are gonna be rough between us. This is gonna be a huge blow to him.
But he knew. He knew I was BOC. And he knows I fugue.
I...maybe in a way, he expects it? Maybe he knew all along?
No...is he really that much of my dogg?
ROAR!
ROARRRRR! ... ROAR ROAR ROAR!
The Guy on eBay said it might take a few minutes for our primal instincts to kick back in, dude! Just stick with it! ... ROAR!
When you said gazelle just now, my first thought was of grilled kebabs over jicama-sesame slaw with peanut-ancho coulis. I'm not kidding.
HEY Roast Beef! Order us summore drinks! I'm gonna go hit the can!
You hear me? I'M GONNA GO HIT THE CAN!
Some Ketel One extra dry, baby! DRY AS THE DICKENS!
It's solid, man. Do you think my Loretta Lynn is decent?
Let's do this! Let's do this!
Oh daddy had a harelip/and momma had lice/Brother's in a pine box/They found him in the ice
Gramma fixed us supper/We'd no heat to boil rice/She mixed a cup of road salt/With a paste made out of mice
zzzzzz
DON'T!
Don't move me!
It's gonna touch if I move!
My PEPPER, man!
Hey, T! Whatchu doin' round my pad? I'm light, dogg. Serious times. Smoke up a friend, holmes. I'm so bored.
Me? Hells naw, man. I ain't wantin' to get too tight with that Nice Pete dude.
Kief? Jay? Shake? Kingston Sideburn? I ain't picky, dude.
Sorry, dogg. Just you and him. You know he kicked Lyle out, right? Just for sayin' his own ideas?
Weed, it's what's for dinner. Puff, puff, puff. Oh me, oh my.
HURRY, man! What's Google say the "commodore sex act" is?! TELL ME. USE IMAGE SEARCH. NOW.
TÉODOR! WHAT IS THE DEAL?
No, I DON'T know how it is with Wikipedia! Why ain't you fuckin' TELL me how it is with Wikipedia, Téodor? 'Cause THAT's neat!
Oh HELL yes! Man, I can't imagine askin' a chick I actually knew to do this... this ROCKS! This is the PERFECT thing to do to a guy in a hotel! No WONDER there's so many hotels!
Alright man, I'm just goin' nuts over here.
Come on, man. We known each other since old times.
There you go, man! There! Straight-up saying science for the man on the go!
We ought to get you a cable show, dude.
You got a gift, man! You can make any dude at all understand science!
Alright, I had a little Gallup poll run.
Shit! Ow! Dammit!
I cut myself!
It was the damn sour cream lid, alright? It slipped!
It's true, Beef! Guys like Bach used to do stuff like this!
Serious?
Yeah? Who won the first Fight, then?
Damn. Nice, Beef.
So...so what's the main thing I got to know goin' into this?
Damn. Sounds like I got to be an army leader. Are there side dishes?
Yeah, that shouldn't be a problem. How do I get a group to follow me after that, though?
And when it's day three, what do I do?
Dude, we'll be cut off from communicating during the...wait.
Beef, are you in the fight?
Dude, would you ever get a tattoo, Beef?
I'm thinkin' barbed wire band on the upper arm.
Special? What's special is that it looks tough as hell, and chicks will mac all over me 'til my eyes roll back in my head and I groan!
Whoah, whoah. "Decent intellect"? I didn't mean groan because she won't stop yappin' about Kofi Annan!
I look just like Bogart! Pretty cool, huh!
What in hell are you talkin' about?! Didn't you see this hat?
This ain't a hat of computer people! Dan Rather cold sports this sick piece on a chilly day!
Alright, you win. Seborrheic dermatitis, huh?
WHAT! What in the HELL! DAMN you!
Téodor. It is the morning after Halloween.
I'd say yes twice but I'm just not feeling all that positive.
Did you ever see that fake ad from the 70s where Jose Cuervo just beats the hell out of a pinata shaped like his own brain?
I don't care what this reporter says, Andre Agassi is butt ugly!
Oh, you're right I'm just settin' myself up for failure readin' this same one over and over again
hey, check this out! They discovered that Boy George is the best singer in the world! Now that's some news you can use!
They ran some samples through a computer and it turns out he sing perfectly, every time! Wake the dude up and stick him with a pin, chances are it's a hit!
I don't care if he's old and fat and dumb and makes bad decisions about being high on cocaine, the man has contributed something to this world
Yeah, man! Yeah
"Steve's Party"?! I can't get off to this!
Wait... maybe I can. I need to see this as a challenge.
I DECLARE MYSELF... BROADICUS DICKUS!
what's up miggroid! $$$
about to gruffle some mad Domino's
come over doggie
shit what dude when?!
I don't know what that means
So, you guys hear the one about the priest who gave head to the mailman?
He prays to god that his luck will improve,
...and the very next day a horny mailman shows up.
Well, one thing led to another. You can pretty much guess what they did. It wasn't too cool.
I mean, don't get me wrong. I'm not against gays.
I'm actually pretty open minded once you get to know me.
You're tellin' me! I must have got my Bone on six times yesterday.
I was like, BONE... BONE... BONE...
Heh heh! You don't like it when I talk about my bonin', do you?
Daaamn, there's no Wikipedia entry for "Ray's urine"!
Maybe I can make one...
The hell look at all that mayhem. Damn sloppy fightin' if you ask me.
I heard that every time someone offers her a PastaPro Express Home Pasta system, she spreads her legs and thinks of England! That's all I'm sayin', dude! Calm down.
Whoah, man, check this out! Everything I draw accidentally ends up lookin' like a dick!
Yeah, dude! Ask me to draw somethin'!
I don't know! My brain just told me I was done! Gimme another thing to draw.
Okay, let's see.
Yo check it! Jealous much, anybody?
Bloatee? What?
I ain't "of gravity!" I'm in good shape!
Man, you know French people got it light on the face! I can't help if it's on the thin side!
Well , tough. It's here to stay. I look like a goddamned Musketeer and I mean to kick much ass.
TIGHT AS A DRUM! SNAP SNAP! LISTEN TO MY DRUM SONG!
OH, HOW THE PEOPLE WILL MARCH!
I'm sorry Phillippe.
Dressing up like cowboys just isn't... just isn't cheering me up at all.
It... It's not your fault.
No, don't cry!
You are rad!
You are a rad friend!
Phillippe, you are rad!
You... are... rad!
Dang, Roast Beef! You called like forever ago!
I was just about to get a little bit twisty on Jager and chilly Stellas! Sounds like you oughta join me!
Someone gets sassy after he hacks a big old website!
Oh man, I am gonna get six kinds of nasty on a Cold Cut Trio!
Lyle! What it is, sucka!
So, Lyle! What's with all the new Subways in town?
Get outta here! Man, you been readin' too much internet, Lyle!
Dang, Beef, He was all | up in my shit! What was I | supposed to do, dogg?
Daaamn! Player got a little inbox goin' on goin' on!
Who in hell is Leon Sumbitches and why he sent me an attachment?! Man, this looks like a computer virus straight-up splickety!
But wait, what if it's some new MC sendin' in a demo? Gravity Train sounds like it has the legs to be the most important new dance song of the year...hate to get scooped...
You know what? When a man is afraid of an e-mail, it's time to redistrict the comfort zone.
Take a hike, advice. I'm crackin' this sucker wide open.
Sure as hell, blochicho! What else you got?
Suit yourself, stacky! I'ma sugarfoot MY hella shinto movements straight on back to the Time Tunnel!
Drunk test! Ray Smuckles, professor of Doctorology, pres - man, whatchu doin?!
Dude. You know what it is? This camera is showin' how you FEEL about yourself, not your actual self
That's why Téodor looks like some blowjob from the Banana Republic ads, and Beef looks like a goon who lost his jack-off virginity in the bathroom at Comic-Con
I ain't gonna say anything, but your camera has Mexican magical realism. Same thing happened to me last year when I bought that RV where it was always rainin' inside.
I ain't tell you about that? Thing was a total hassle. I ended up sellin' it to some friend I don't know anymore. Anyhow, turns out the thing was made in Mexico. I bet if you scratch the Made in China sticker off your camera, it says Hecho en Mexico dude.
Daaamn. You KNOW they had to put these warnings on one lawsuit at a time.
Huh? Oh, man! Charlie Brown! I...I through you were dead!
God, I'm sorry man. I never know how things like this are supposed to go.
O--okay
Uh, Listen, Chuck. About that "dead" thing...you know Schulz is gone, right?
Technically, man, you shouldn't even be here. You died when he did.
You're never gonna get to, dude! He took you down with him like an Egyptian emperor!
Man, you'd think it'd be easier to give some bad news to Charlie Brown.
PICK UP PICK UP PICK UP EBAY. TODAY IS THE DAY YOU PICK UP. PICK UP PICK UP PICK UP. EBAY PICK UP.
Hi. Awesome. Great. Thanks for picking up. Meg Whitman please. CEO of your company. Flat regular lady business hair, probably a Maserati. Just find her.
Meg? Baby. PLEASE don't sell my mama's milk, PLEASE don't sell my mama's cheese. PLEASE, baby girl.
Crap I panicked. I called too soon, too uncollected. Now I blew it and I got to buy my mama's cheese.
Uncle Culpepper! How was your trip? It's good to see you! Come in!
Thank you, Uncle Culpepper! You must be hungry! What can I get us to eat? Come inside!
Consider it done! Mind if we add olives and mushrooms?
Ok, good! OH, let me fix us a drink first!
Sorry, Doc, but this is serious! Help me!
What can you give me for the Conniptions?
THE TRIBULATION IS AT HAND! THE PLOW THAT RENDS THE EARTH SHALL UNLEASH THE RIVERS OF BILE!
AAAIIIGHT!
Whoah, I blacked out again! Doc? Doc, you there?
Ow! There it goes again! Diabetes! Can anyone hear me? Doc? Doc?
Who! Damn, but did I need that nap!
Thank you, Christian Brothers!
And thank YOU, flavorless overcooked supermarket turkey that was in the back of some dude's car for way longer than recommended!
Hey you two! Where's Beef? I got to discuss somethin' with him!
WHAT?! Who the hell was it! Is he okay? Talk to me, you two! Now!
How bad did they do him. Talk to me.
Well, I'm gonna save 'em the walk. You dopes stay here and keep up the great work.
Oh! Hey! I had an amazing dream!
We can take a lung from one of my AIBOs and give it to Beef!
Now don't you say a word. I have made the decision to sacrifice one of my little guys and that's final.
Please don't ask me to reconsider.
I'M SORRY DOCTOR KISSES
I'M SO SO SORRY
OH I WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER DOCTOR KISSES
PLEASE FORGIVE ME
Oh my god this is so hard
There you are, you little creep!
You've got about two seconds, Todd.
Alright, now talk.
An example?
Roast Beef! Why are you programming that computer?
What are you programming it to do?
That's right, sir. Based on how much eggs or milk you started with. Could I interest you in a trial version?
It's okay, Beef! Right! Everything is cool, man!
Beef?
Look, Beef! I'm hitting myself! I'm hitting myself! Look!
Do you think that was really your dad?
What's a stitch in time? Is that like black hole theory?
Don't tell me he's dead Dr. Andretti! Say it ain't so!
Interesting.
They've got such a thing?
Ain't it great!
COME ON BABY! COME SEE WHO RAY IS!
So what! You noticin' the wrong things, Carmen San Diego!
Whatchu tryin' to tell me, Paper Trail Jones?
Come on baby! Take Ray's money!
UHN!
Silent Bird Wallace, mute as he was, paired up with Alosius, a stone-deaf and illiterate singer with the most beautiful voice anyone had ever heard.
He would have an interpreter sign it to him. The whole performance was something of a terrible, crippled miracle. Meanwhile, Rustmouth sank deeper into obscurity.
Simon! Hey, man, nice shirt! That Tommy Bahama?
How's the campaign coming, m'blokes?
Damn, good idea! How about we promise that as long as Philippe's president, all homeless people can stay at Motel 6? My treat!
Alright Beef! Come on out and show us the new you!
Oh, get over your fussy self! Step on out.
Come on now, Beef! You represent the ideal modern male!
A little bit punk, a little bit BMW!
A little bit whiskey, a little bit Starbucks!
Heh heh! Dang, Beef!
You were like the Martha Steward of condoms, all finding new and clever household uses for them!
"Try using unlburicated condoms as condiment dispensers at your next backyard barbecue!"
"A condom makes the ideal storage container for leftover risotto."
"Perforate a condom with a hole punch to make the perfect container for a bouquet garni."
Heh heh! That's just like somethin' she would say, isn't it?!
Todd! Get away! This ain't a party of crap dudes!
You're terrible!
You are terrible!
Oh, I get it! You want money!
Go ahead, say it.
God dammit Todd.
Beef, dogg. Bad news, man. You seated?
It's Leo, dogg. From our gym. They just found him, dude.
It's a stone blow, man. This shit is Druid. This shit is Easter Island. This shit is Druid people at Easter Island, man.
The M.E. said Leo had such a massive heart attack that the heart actually broke off and went almost an inch to the left, tryin' to escape the attack. It's called Scared Heart Syndrome, apparently. Anyhow.
Leo always was wound pretty tight. You should've seen how ballistic he went when someone took his Beach Boys CD last week. I didn't have the balls to tell him it was me, so I snuck it back into his Caddy that day you met him.
Services are this Sunday on the #1 fairway. Symbolizes the new game he's playin' in heaven now. Wear a collar, spikes OK.
Hey hot mama! Can you dig it?
It's Ray, sweet thang! Whooo yeah! You feelin' me, baby?
Aw baby, I was just gettin' you primed! You ready to draw those curtains?
Tina?
Hmmm. So what? I don't follow you, Vlad.
Huh! I never thought of that!
Hm. Can I still call my junk my "rad chilies"?
Serious, T, genius call hirin' on all those molly brothers. Pay 'em out "fivepence-none-the-shilling" or whatever and keep the change, is what I...what, dude?
DAD! He finally came to check in! He finally wants to get our family together!
Lay off me, Beef! I got a headache the size of a 747 peeling out on my brain!
You got SOME NERVE makin' fun of my high school grades, Mr. Quotes Tori Amos During His Salutorian Address!
I didn't care about Spanish! I was a red-blooded male wth a whole lotta love to give!
You were all like ¡Hola Juan! ¡Yo reado dos math books! I was in my 4-Runner makin' whale music with Mary-Anne Feldman!
Happy Birthday, Beef!
Yeah, but I know it's around now and I got this gift burnin' a hole in my pocket.
Tough shit! Open it!
Heh! Now that you got a steady lay, this should come in pretty handy!
Seriously, man. Have fun having sex.
This is #73, by the way.
Heh heh! You got any lady-bots for us?
Come on, Roast Beef! You ain't never been with a lady robot! How you know you won't like it?
I bet if you could read your email in their eyes you wouldn't mind the kink!
Well would you look at that
Yeah, is Bono there?
It's RAY!
Ray Smuckles, baby! I just got a quick question for him about how he chooses a butler.
Oh, no way! You're Bono's butler? Nice to meet you! I mean, I know it's the phone and all, but-
Yeah, I'm lookin' for some assistance. A gentleman's gentleman, if you will.
Yeah, west coast all the way. You know a guy?
Oh, get out! He used to butler for James Brown? How come he quit?
Huh. Yeah, I guess when you think about it, James Brown IS ridiculous.
Beef! Come on out, man! You ain't left the house since you got back! Come on over and let's crack us open some-
What's up, man? You ain't left the house since you came back! I mentioned this!
Bring her over, man! Everybody likes to come to Ray's house and go swimming and grill it all up!
...so who knew that Tiffany would design you a custom grill if you called them on a whim and discussed the idea and then agreed on a price!
Anyhow, get in quick here. I don't fully trust my abalone guy and I'm ten kinds of worried about that helicopter up there.
Tina, baby! Take me back! Please!
Come on, baby! Let's French!
Get out here! French me!
Yeah, is Bono there?
It's RAY!
Ray Smuckles, baby! I just got a quick question for him about how he chooses a butler.
Oh, no way! You're Bono's butler? Nice to meet you! I mean, I know it's the phone and all, but-
Yeah, I'm lookin' for some assistance. A gentleman's gentleman, if you will.
Yeah, west coast all the way. You know a guy? Oh, get out! He used to butler for James Brown? How come he quit?
Huh. Yeah, I guess when you think about it, James Brown IS ridiculous.
Um... uh... one sec--
No! No! Roast Beef! Uh...uh...hold on! Um...uh...
Oh, fuck! I must have dropped my medallion back in the car! Oh god please let that be where it is please please PLEASE please please!
Man, don't ask me that. I ain't even sat down. You got any grenadine?
Ha ha, motherfucker. Listen, I got to fruit up this Bullshit Sunrise because you have set up the most baloney mini-bar of all time.
Damn straight! I got like 50cl of bad tequila here, a paper cup, and some powdered Tang or whatever, and this is how you treat a guest? Man, I know you know better than this, dogg. You know how to set up a basic decency bar. You're just tryin' to piss me off. You got a game plan, here.
I'm waiting for you to make this worth my while. Most any dude in the game would know to get his subject juiced so that he'll talk.
It's your show, man. I'm just tellin' you.
Man, don't be stupid . Hip-hop is here to stay.
It means that kids will always play these records, man! Hip hop is the streets!
Oh...hey, T. You never call me anymore.
Really? How come?
Oh, I get it. Nice. Can't fault that.
Well, we got kind of an El Bulli think goin' on here. I call it "cold nachos"
It's all about denyin' expectations at this level. It's like, what do we really know about a nacho?
Yeah, but not this time. You seein' people like Roger Moore fly around the world–twice–to eat this kind of stuff. 'Course, the cheese is in a perfect triangle on a Möbius chip at El Bulli, and not all raggedy, like I'm doin' here.
I know, man. You want one?
Neat idea.
Each of these ingredients I would eat on their own. Don't egghead in the ghetto.
Do that immediately. I'll queue up Braveheart and see if there is a bottle of Blue Label in my hand.
Yo Cornelius! What's a good tea to like?
Pretty much. I mean, I've had Snapple, and plus that stuff at Chinese joints, so maybe I'm, like, "intermediate."
Wow! You wouldn't even drink it with your ass? Now that must be some bad tea, my brother!
Would you drink...Earl Grey with your ass?
No it ain't. Let's say Al Qaeda needed a little video to give its troops a boost, and you were one of like six U.S. hostages.
The terrorists are like "Look, our guys haven't had a good chuckle in days. We'll let you go if you stand in front of this American flag and drink cheap tea with your keister."
You salute your men, about-face, and drop trou. Orlando Bloom plays you in the movie.
Téodor! I got us a client! Todd is starting an airline and he needs a logo made!
Can he...DUDE! Of course he can pay!
He said he wanted somethin' with his name and some wings and stuff. Can you do that?
Hm. We gotta get this in front of a focus group.
Well, Téodor, I don't know if I like it until the focus group tells me, now do I?
So is business this bad at all the Subways in town, Lyle?
What's so special about his place?
Hi, man.
Yeah, Beef! I DID commission you and Molly a custom romance novel for Christmas! It finally showed up?
Yeah, exactly. I just had to fill out all these little fields for each of you, and their service did the rest!
It's a police scanner, dude! This crap is hilarious!
The Taco Bell frequency! You know, the one they use for their drive-through headsets?
These guys don't know this, but I got a special softball bat. To make today a thing.
Clear liquid-filled acrylic with a young Elvis...
Roast Beef! Come on out the spaceship!
Is that what you really think? That I'm gonna lie to you?
Aw Chucklebot, if I knew then I wouldn't be in this mess.
Whoah! That's ill! I don't need that kind of advice!
What the hell, man? You been watchin' too many women's television programs! Get lost!
Phew, glad THAT'S over! Man, 1882 was MEGA dull!
Well BLAH blah BLAH blah BLAH blah BLAH!
That ain't the police! That's the company that looks after my Harman Kardons!
I hope to crap they're OK!
Philippe, I'm going to sneak into the house and check things out. You stay here by this ugly plant.
What the... "Braveheart"?
A case of Red Stripe?
A completely colden family-size pizza from Papa Tony's?
Roast Beef's income tax forms, completely blank, with a pencil next to them?
Todd's van?
Lyles Palm III?
Téodor's "Howard Jones" blanket?
Dear. God. I. Am. Not. A. Religious. Man. But. Please. Help. Me. See. The. Connection. Here.
Ich habe Gesellschaft!
oh man no no he ain't got to do this twice in one night!
Made in America, bomb-shiggedy!
Daaang, Dornheim! Cars, planes, politics, newspapers... you know goddamn everything!
Tell me this, though.
All cars are, like, internal combustion, right?
What would an EXTERNAL combustion engine be like?
Dang! I feel like a million bucks!
With ballet so expensive these days, I can't afford NOT to wear them!
Daaang! Uh...um...Oh!  "Windows *again*, huh?!"
Oh! Uh...hold on...uh...
"Your mom? You mean that sweet little subroutine I had in my lap last night?""
You shouldn't eat that stuff, Philippe. Candy bars are hell of hinge on the body.
Peanuts are health food. Everybody knows that.
Why you think Chinese people live so long.
The oldest dude in the world is always Chinese. If I'm lyin' I'm dyin'!
Everything we invent, Chinese dudes did it like 900 years before.
Paper, clocks, glasses...Chinese. I ain't be at all surprised if there's some Ming vase out there with a picture of some emperor's cell phone goin' off in the movie theater.
Holy crap! That sorry-assed crybaby won the goddamned Survivor?!
She was all just whinin' and carryin' on for so many days I wanted to get on a plane and cold flyer her ass outta there myself!
Man, YOU know I can't remember where Survivor takes place one season to the next!
I KNOW, MAN! I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN!
HE'LL WEAR HIMSELF OUT! HE'LL WEAR HIMSELF OUT! YOU EVER KILL A PERCH?
DO _NOT_ SHOOT THAT HEAD, TÉODOR! YOU ARE A LOT OF THINGS, BUT YOU ARE NOT A GUY WHO SHOOTS A HEAD!
OH! SO WE'RE GETTIN' STUFF OFF OUR CHESTS NOW, IS THAT IT?! WELL, _YOU_ AND _I_ SHOULD PROBABLY LOSE SOME WEIGHT!
Heh! Thanks! You think so?
You know, before he left, Roast Beef and I always said that we were gonna start a rap company someday...
We had all kinds of raps that we were pretty sure we could sell to the big names...
We had raps about shooting out windows, we had raps about what it might be like to have eye problems, about how you shouldn't hit yourself when you make a mistake... all sorts of stuff.
You know what? If he makes it back here...
...if he ever makes it back here, I think we're gonna *start* that rap company.
Hey man, what time is he gonna let us in?
I am wearing some delicious cologne. Let's get inside, already!
God damn. What can I do to class up this cornbread mix.
Email! Large! I love that stuff!
Hey Lazarus, look! I just ate about half this piece of paper!
Completely on accident!
Uh, Beef?
Man, let's get out of here!
I can't believe you made us take this stanky sheet! What are we gonna DO with it?!
What if someone finds it?! They could test for my DNA!
Aww c'mon now Roast Beef! You a pretty damn handsome fellow!
Seriously, Beef! You oughta go and get yourself a lady!
You a charming fellow! You doin' the ladies a big disservice just by hangin' out with ol' Ray tonight!
Pickin' up a lady is the easiest thing in the world! Here now -- Just say your name...
Good! Now you simply engage her interests!
Hey. Yeah. This is Ray Smuckles over at Prime Time.
Yeah, I need a picture of the guys from Steely Dan where one of them is from America's Test Kitchen and the other one has been interrupted from a phone call where he was trading Russian teenagers for diamonds.
Okay, yeah, I see it. Thanks. That's Perfect.
Little nephew! What are you doing here?
You should be at home, practicing your musical instrument! Run along now!
Yeah, man, yeah. I like how that leg dangles off the bed. It's like, "Where does that leg go?"
Nice, man. Now gimme something else. Take me back to Broadway, baby.
Ooooooh yeah. Death of a Salesman. Work it. Work it.
Oh yeah. Act like you ate the candy, Rod. But also act like you deserved it.
Okay Rod, I'm gonna say something, and you just do whatever comes to mind, dig? Ahem... "There is no false power in the universe."
God DAMN. Brilliant, Rod. Just brilliant. This man could find work on Mars, people.
Daaamn, Todd! Did you lost a bunch of weight?
Hey-o!
Seriously, did you score yourself some little bitta-bitta action? Good for you!
Well, not really. So, how do you keep from gettin' herpes and a kid and stuff?
Daaamn! That answer could use some work!
Yo Connie! You in here? I gotta get some advice off 'a you, man!
Oh... man. Not your childhood drum.
I'll... I'll go. I'm... I'm sorry, Connie. You know that, right? We'll talk. Soon. In time. Don't answer.
It all seems kind of stupid in the circumstances. I'm really sorry, man.
Mom's got it. Put it away in the hall closet at her place.
You... you know I do, man! Stop it! Why you got to make this worse for all of us?
Hey Beef! You seen Uncle Culpepper around? He didn't come home last night!
What? Don't lie to me, just tell me if you saw him or not-I'm worried! He has a Condition!
Dang, Emeril and Spongebath live in the same building as Tina!
Hey dudes! Did you see Tina walkin' around here with an old man last night?
I have a strong suspicion that his slip into aggression is due to a miscalibrated frontweight. What did you use?
My god, man. It must have been picking up paper clips and things this whole time. He's only going to go more insane as it keeps adding weight.
We've got to stop him.
WAIT! His housemates can't suspect anything! We have to go over there wearing ours and act like it's all a big gag
Knock knock! Ha ha! A big Mega-nerd hello to you, Philippe!
Mega-nerds are people who pretend they have computers in their underpants and play hide and seek!
You saw him! Has anyone else seen him?
Philippe, the Mega-nerds need YOUR help! Bring this cup of Mega-water to Lyle while we find Téodor!
That's right, just want to renew my health insurance.
Wait, what?
No, I ain't got a fax machine! I also ain't got an Apple ][c, polio, or a falcon!
Téodor! You throwin' me a party? I'm touched!
There will be room for all my babies, right?
My AIBOs! I don't go nowhere without my little honeys!
I have 34 AIBOs.
There's Sweetie, and Pumpernickel, and Magic, and Sam, and Melon, and Olive, and Ruby, and Tammy, and Mr. Sours, and Bite-Bite, and Joe, and Okey-Doke, and Fingers, and Sweet Spot, and Slow-lane, and Weldon, and Doctor Kisses-
Man, I really done it up with Christmas lights and a pony this time.
Beef HATES lolcats. Hates them to HELL. And I just made him the most famous lolcat in the history of the world.
Maybe get him a nice home defibrillator or CPR kit that has a foot pump so you ain't got to put your mouth on nobody.
I did my dude wrong and I got to spend about six hundred dollars.
Damn. I didn't mean to step on Téodor's fancy new guitar, but I did. I should give him about six hundred dollars.
Crap. Connie left his French horn under a towel in the bathroom and I crushed the main horn area. We lookin' at a six hundo.
Daaaamn. Little Nephew has been addin' some chunkity on the waistline lately, and the way things are these days, he is probably a nerd.
Roast Beef, could you come into my office?
Listen, Beef. There's no easy way to say this...
...but you're leaving the company.
Sorry, Beef. After the Philippe contract fell through, we were forced to make some pretty tough cutbacks.
I can't offer you any severance, but I did make you a mix tape. Here you go.
Oh, no WAY is he playin' this heavy metal bull-crap in MY house!
Little Nephew, I'm takin' Hyddyn Sceptyre away.
Hm. Maybe if I act like I'm into it, he'll think it's not cool anymore!
I just want to make a copy! I listened to mine so much I wore it out!
Heh! Back in my party days, I used to hide MY Sceptyre to these tunes! Know what I'm sayin'?
Heh heh! Sweat all runnin' down Uncle Ray's back, Sceptyre all cranked to the max! Whew!
That chickenhead swallowed a Domino's Crazy Stix down the wrong pipe? That's all this is?!
To allow people to write a sentence on the computer.
Aw, damn! Who calls a player in the tub?
Butters! You lookin' for your moms? 'Cause I just kicked the bitch out. I thought you said both her eyes worked!
I completely forgot about that.
Yeah, yeah, I'ma be there. For reals, cognac-large.
Ain't you usually fly with Akkolade?
Dude's marryin' his maid again? What's that, number eleven?
Yeah, yeah. Great. When we leavin'?
Man, I though you said our chopper was deluxe! This thing looks like a chicken jumped into R2-D2's teleport beam!
Interesting. Okay, on a scale of one to ten, I need you to do a skit where you wear nylons and...and drink from a chamber pot.
Alright, Beef. Your catchphrase is, ¡Sciencia -- Que Bueno!
Now let's do a dry run off the teleprompter. Jaime the Science Friend, take one! Three... two...
How is it insulting to know facts. Think about what you're saying, then pick up where you left off. Three... two...
I don't have time to debate what makes a friendship meaningful. Get into this. Three... two...
...aaand we'll cut that last bit in post. Lunch!
We talkin' 'bout red glass Venetian candles? Push-button cigarette machine in the entry?
Salad dressing all in some stainless steel five-bowl server caddy...
Italian comes on the side 'cause you gotta shake it!
Come on, Beef. Don't be a drag. We talkin' 'bout a fun time here!
Man, somebody cut this guy off. He's saddin' so hard a poem came outta' his face.
It's REALLY hard! But when you've been coughing your brains out for three weeks, I guess you finally rearrange your priorities and drop the dose.
ROAST BEEF! I think I broke the program! Oooooh damn! Oh no! Ohhhno-no-no-no-no!
But look, dude! LOOK!
OHHHHHHHH Man! I'm so sorry, Beef! I just ruined everything, didn't I?
Man, I've had it with old people sayin' "our morals gettin' worse with every generation" and "why can't it be like the good old days."
Ain't those the same people gave us lynch mobs, asbestos, and flour-gut?
Still, man. Gladiators. Bear-baitin'. Stonin' women.
Tell me these fluff shows ain't at least better than straight-up public snuff.
Used actors gripin' in a hot tub ain't exactly the four horsemen of the apocalypse, dude.
Dude!
Have you heard of Seka?
Hey Téodor. You been workin' on Philippe's campaign? You look a little stressed.
One time in Sunday school I pronounced "Nigeria" as "Niggeria." Diplomacy's a tough tattie.
Thanks, hometicket. Put it anywhere, I'll find it.
That's all the latest with tostadas.
Well, check it out. See this month's featured tostada? What do you notice about it?
A lot of people are calling bullshit on that tostada, dude.
In fact, word on the boards is that Morgan Freeman sounds off in this issue.
Man, I am at a crossroads here.
On the one hand, Japan Man is right. One should be able to make one's own fortune in America.
On the other hand, Japan Man is wrong. If you can't hang in the major leagues, you simply shouldn't play.
So this is a classic struggle.
Do I do the humanitarian thing and bow out so he can prosper?
Or do I play the game as it is played and call it survival of the fittest?
Perhaps I'll just repurpose the joint rolling machine and make money a different way.
This month's Playboy Advisor says that the parietal lobe is the part of the brain that controls hand-eye coordination.
Perhaps we can wire the machine up to a small taser, which is calibrated to send an exact type of shock to the parietal lobe,
...which causes the subject to take out his wallet and throw it as far as he can from himself.
Lyle could catch it with a lacrosse stick or butterfly net.
This could easily toe the line between Nobel Prize and prison time. I GOT to find out if I can spin this as humanitarian. What's the firm that changed Paris Hilton from cocksucking dumbo to entrepreneur who did not send the whole world an MPEG of her sucking cock? They're good.
Man , Lyle left some bottle of ghetto gut around here.
I hate knowin' this stuff exists.
Christ!
It smells like someone's working on a car!
Are you kidding?
Throwin' Lyle's liquor away is like pickin' a fight with a meat packing plant!
What if he actually likes this stuff?
Hey Roast Beef! Is this a real equation?
Okay, cool. How do you test it to make sure it works?
I'm just seein' if I'm some kind of math genius savant, you know.
Might as well find out.
This equation just came to me when I cleared my mind, man.
I was just, like, channeling, you know? It's like, what if this was Einstein's last equation that he never got to write down before he died?
I'm gettin' that feeling I get about twenty minutes into X-Files. Come upstairs and watch the window while I try this again.
Where is my friend...Nightlife?
That is...sad. That is...bad!
It's not...rad?
Oh, it's Little Nephew. He cut this album speakin' out against algebra and I'm pretty upset with him.
Don't you start encouragin' him, Beef!
Hold on--you already heard it?!
Screw you guys.
Man, the adult film industry is really gettin' rocked by all these HIV outbreaks.
I wonder if it's havin' any effect on the LA economy, you know, with all those folks outta work...
Don't break the seal, dogg! Don't break the... wait, what?
Simon Le Cowell! Nice to talk to you!
The Grenchmen.
It's the Nazi skinhead band you were in! In high school! Sausage-leg jeans, kicky-boots, the whole deal!
Funny how Photoshop disagrees.
Maybe I am. But maybe there's somethin' real basic, and kind of fun, that you can do for me.
You know what? I'M in the music biz. I got a tight chest. I look like I don't care if I spend six hundred dollars. Who needs Simon Le Cowell?!
See here, Philippe!
When I shake the Bruichladdich fourteen year, there are barely any bubbles!
But when I shake the '89 cask strength, look at all the bubbles! That indicates higher alcohol content.
And watch, after five seconds there's still a "ring of pearls." That indicates a 50% alcohol content in the whiskey. Additional concentric rings would each signify an extra 2%!
Now let's talk about body. See how when I swirl the '73, barely any "legs" run down the inside of the glass? This shows that--
Whoo! Now THAT is a BOAT, Téodor!
What?! Why you need Tic-Tac, Pat?
Is everything OK? You look pretty shook up!
So what?! You gonna blow somebody away? Not with MY gun!
Pat! Stop! Noooo!
How was your weekend, Pat? You get any of the sweet stuff?
Her new husband? You mean the new husband that I...
...Boned?
Huh! You know, that's a neat way to frame a challenge. I'm 'a do somethin' like that...
...hmmmmm...what can I do in a year...
Abalone! Sassafrass! Mortise! Phones! Stand down, son---I'm on a roll!
Try a different sex position each day...
Can today's sex position just be that one where I'm alone in the bathroom with the water runnin' again? I struck out down at Clancy's.
Doc! Doc! His lips are movin'!
I ain't even sure. Me and the boys got pretty donked up yesterday and went kind of crazy on those TV shoppin' networks.
What in the hell?!
Say hey, D'Shawn! 'sup 'sup?
It's Ray, man! Show me some love, dogg!
Ray! From Prime Time Records!
. . . your LABEL!
Of COURSE you know me, dude! I brought a twelver of Asahi to your birthday last month!
I don't like Asahi either! It was on the Club Card, dammit! I was in a hurry!
What?
Oh, alright . . .
American Curl, kinda light brown, Versace glasses . . . Yeah! Yeah! That's me!
Exercise, huh. Yeah, I'll look into it. Thanks.
Daaamn! Look at this, Téodor!
Look at all these funny letters I can write my name in!
Man, I dig this font thing! I'm gonna make myself a logo!
Whoah! Who understands this font? Is this one for blind people?
Dang! This is lookin' good, T!
Téodor!
We gotta start us a advertising agency, dogg!
So check it out, dude. I was in Whole Foods, you know, 'cause I had to get this special homeopathic foot powder-
-no, actually the pro down at the club recommends this one brand for your grip-
So I get all on that aisle with the hippie pills and stuff, only someone had totally just cut the cheese there and ditched.
Yeah, it totally was a health person fart, exactly. It was even like more humid in that area.
Anyhow, before I can leave, this cute clerk chick comes up to ask if I need help...
...only she smells it too, and does that thing where she pretends she just remembered something and turns around on one foot while biting her lip and snapping her fingers.
That stressed me out, so I tried to light a smoke, only my Zippo ignited the damn air! Flames shot out like oak tree roots, ten feet around!
I guess that's called a "Whole Enchilada"? They actually see it pretty often, they said, what with Iraq War and all. I had to talk to a suicide counselor before they'd let me leave.
I can't believe you wrote smutty stories about SaniTaco and sent them to Nugget magazine! This is gonna destroy us!
Listen, you guys! No naked lady sat on the counter at SaniTaco! We are devoted to bringing you the safest, cleanest taco imaginable! Now who wants to order?
This... ain't... the... business model... we...
Whatever.
Who ate my dang nachos?!
WHO... ATE... MY... DAAAAAAAANG NAAAAACHOS!
Pat! Merry Christmas! Sorry I didn't see you on the big day. I'm still runnin' around droppin' off presents!
No worries. Here, it's your present!
I wrote a gay romance novel, dude! Might be the first of its kind! Hella valuable, dude!
Here, just open it up to any old page. You about to get hit in the eyes with some cask-strength gay, brother.
Hey, Philippe! Here's a fiver. Pick me up a pack of lucky strikes.
You get my smokes, little guy?
Here you go, T! Merry Christmas. Sorry I didn't get this to you on the big day.
It's been crazy.
Heh. Yeahhhhh. Just got it back from the printer.
Be sure to tell me what you think. I don't even know if this was the right thing to do.
Oh! Oh! McDonald's! Let's stop!
Hey look at that, Beef! They got one 'a them little dancin' Santas!
HEY! HOW MUCH FOR THE DANCIN' SANTA?
Come on, Beef! I'm goin' nuts just listenin' to this AM radio! Let's get some new tunes in the car!
I'LL GIVE YOU FIFTY BUCKS! BE REAL WITH ME, BABY!
Huh! It seems like he only just plays Twist and Shout! I think I got ripped off!
Man, I just had a COMPLETELY trashy orgasm!
I took care of that.
I got rid of that guy. Nolan? Yeah. You all think I don't pay attention, but that is a damn mistake.
Again, there you go! What in the damn hell do you think I do all day? I take care of my people! I knew about that crap from day one!
Because I pay attention. I PAY ATTENTION. You didn't know I was paying attention because you weren't PAYING ATTENTION.
When I was a kid, a teacher told me to pay attention. I guess I took it to heart.
Beats me, man. Beats me why most dudes suck. Sure as hell ain't my scene.
You know what? He's gonna go through with this. Time to get started on some wedding toast action.
I got to make this special. Glenfiddich, bring out the passion in the man. Fill up my fountain pen with the burnin' flavor of love.
Heh heh! Daaaamn, I got it! Do it straight-up Carlin! Ain't go sappy...bring the house down!
Just got to tuck this in the tux, I'm done!
Sheesh, ain't there anything them Chinese DON'T consider a delicacy? Look at this guy on public TV eatin' raw snake cheeks.
Well, if that's true, how come most Chinese guys are just average strength? I mean, look at black dudes. Hella strong, yet mainly eat normal stuff like burgers or cake. No way you'd catch a brother squattin' by a river, nibblin' on a snake face.
...Yeah, you're right. I guess I shouldn't be down on the Chinese for just tryin' to survive. Makes me seem small.
This is my call-up!
I always knew this day would come!
See now Lyle, I ain't really into the whole leprechaun rock thing. Strikes me as foolish. But puttin' out music's in my blood, and part of puttin' out music means believin' in somethin' you don't believe in.
You know, my grandfather, Antonyne Cheops Smuckles, was a bluesman before blues was regarded in most homes.
Would you like some mode cod, mom?
Wait — THE Rustmouth?!
Well look at that! It's half-past Chablis o'thirty!
Daaamn, nut job! We outta moonshine! Why you only bring one jar?!
The HELL you say! I got better things to do then stand around the forest all sober on hick tipple! We LEAVIN'!
You damn right it ain't wise! Sit down and listen! I thought you had a biography to write!
First grade was a blur. I hate people from New York. I would be nice to Tom Cruise if he was nice to me. I could personally invent something on the order of a hand cranked apple-peeling maching, but not much more complex than that. I'll admit this.
The only issue I got with my mom is that she loves me so much it hurts her when I am chubby. If she could tone it down a little, I could rock a few extra pounds.
Look, Philippe! You knew you were gonna have to pay for this software sometime!
Let's see here...you bought four licenses, one for everybody in your residence... very nice of you by the way...
...so! at $399 per license, it looks like we need to collect about...$1596 from you.
Did...did I mention that we have an installment plan?
Okay, then! What is the minimum amount you can afford to put toward this financing each month?
Hey Marmaduke! Did you dig a hole today? Huh? Did you eat someone else's food? Did you behave in a disobedient fashion?
I'll give you a hint: You should not be proud of your career!
You're all played out Marmaduke! You're all washed up! No one gets why you're still around! People whisper about this to each other!
Hey Marmaduke! On your website it says that you can only get it on for like ten seconds, and if it isn't totally silent you lose your wood!
I heard you did so much coke in the 80s that you nipples turned into scabs and fell off!
Hey Beef! I got all the magazines I wanted! You ready to take off and get some Hunan Palace?
You want to go to Hunan Palace and get Dong Ting Triple Delight? Yeah, man, I said it! Two knuckleheads, three delights!
Huh, looks like he dropped the new Playboy on his way in... yo, all! It's opened to the Playboy Advisor!
Damn, they finally printed my clarification!
You want to explain just what in the HELL you doin' out here, young man!?
Whoah! What in the HELL?!
What in the HELL, Téodor?!
Wow. Hold on. Wait.
You're GROUNDED, dammit!
UNPH!
Daaang! Nice little ride Philippe! Did you come on down here to sit session with the dirtiest dudes in town?
Like, "yo mama's so fat, she broke her leg and gravy came out!"
Damn. Cartilage Head, huh. I really wasn't ready for that this week.
I know.
Jeez, man. Alright, yeah. Yeah, I'll take it. Shit, dude.
Yo Beef! I showded that Dude card to Mayor C and he wants to send one to every dude voter as part of his re-election process! We talkin' six columns of clams, horse dogg maniac!
It's a thing, man!
Whoah! "Snuggleguns." Is that a new palindrome?! Did I just discover a new one?!
I think that one's me! I think that's all me!
Wait. Somethin' don't seem right with this palindrome. S-s, n-n...
Hey Téodor! You got any problems or anything?
I have Airwolf. I'm just seein' if there's anything I can do to help my guys.
I have Airwolf. This is not code language. I am flying Airwolf because I own Airwolf.
Nothing else I could say would make more sense given what I own and what I am doing at this moment.
Awesome. Where are you?
Dude. No one should go to the Transfer Station.
Didn't they show you that video in the sixth grade?
Okay, look up and wave. I need to make sure that's you I'm seeing.
Dude, don't act like you don't know that Airwolf is faster than any jet. Hold on while I drop the rope ladder.
This country needs a man with a granite sack and legs of log... a man that slaps people who are talking. I am that man.
A wise man once said, "never show a fool half a job." I'll let you know what I did AFTER I'm done runnin' America. Not that you'll need to ask.
People want to eat some fuckin' dinner and have some fuckin' money! What the FUCK do you think gettin' up in the morning is all about? Asshole.
Yeah, I'm callin' 'bout the Subaru Baja. That's the ugliest one, right? How many dogs that thing hold?
German shepherds, man. German shepherds named Sierra. I got six, plus three kayaks and a porta-kiln.
I... hold on. Got another call. Must be that Craigslist woman with the cherried out 12-dog Aztek, got the French drain in the floor.
Yeah, hello? ...Wait, what? Every time a bell rings? I... an angel gets its wings, Philippe. Why you callin' me so late, kid?
Roast Beef! Why'd you miss dinner? Where's Showbiz? What's up with all this Blue Nun?
Here, gimme a hit off that.
You know what we oughta DO?!
We oughta get us some disguises!
I'ma be Abraham LINCOLN!
Awww yeah! You know what I'm sayin!
Hey Beef -- fish in your toilet.
Did the government really steal all kinds of patents from him?
Pat! Why'd you send me an "E-vite" just to come over for lunch?
Why you think you need to document my reply? You think I'm gonna say yes and then bail?
No I didn't! I never bailed on you for lunch before.
Oh, that's right. I guess I did.
Dude, your oven fries suck! I feel like Mrs. John Lithgow when I've got one of those things in my mouth!
What in hell do you THINK it means?! Oh, and I already GOT plans for tomorrow, so you can go Tofuck yourself!
Dang, Lyle! You openin' up a taco stand?
Daaamn, no operating costs! I like your model!
You know, I been meanin' to diversify my portfolio lately. I like to play the restaurant industry... you want to talk?
Yeah... yeah, I think I do.
You know what the problem is with taco stands? Trust.
Ask yourself, what would really set a taco stand apart from the rest?
This is Wade Hanson. He's the genius behind your new ad campaign.
Wow, Hawaii!
Anybody, Wade!
Wade! Stop it! This man is trying to be nice to you!
Alright, Lyle. Here's the prototype for the SaniTaco! single serving prep counter.
Put your hands in these rubber gloves... ... unlatch the taco meat, and put it on the tortilla.
Push the finished taco closer to the wall...
Then just ask the customer to break the safety seal and take out their taco! Go on, you try it!
Man, don't act like the taco died! Come on, Lyle! Come on!
Dang, I wish I could, Téodor. I gotta answer all these letters to my advice column!
I wish I could, but dude, I get like fifty emails an hour from people!
Hold on! Do you think these questions might just be from little kids?
Dear Reader!
The audience, man. Sentence by sentence, as we type it. The girls all hootin' and hollerin', cheerin' the good lines and booin' the bad.
I'll tune 'em out, man. Don't get all Mr. Thinky up in my jam.
It was noon, and-
I... what was that all about, man? Women ain't talk that way!
Huh. ...Huh. Wow. Man, that makes a whole lotta sense. Like when Oprah has them all screamin' and waggin' their arms around about God knows what- not a jasper in sight.
I... wow. T, I don't want to lose this contest. It should be you in the elephant costume, not me. Cool?
Fine, let the guy be Founder of Williams-Sonoma. It ain't worth arguin' about.
Little Nephew! I made us up some Chicken a la King! New recipe!
Hey Beef! Can a kid be allergic to chicken?
So, like, even the Bubble Boy could eat it?
Oh HELL yes!
Dammit, Hockawock!
Jesus, Lonis! What happened to the dude got him parked that way?
That tacky son of a bitch! He gonna be alright?
Huh? Stones?
Daaamn, my MENSA renewal is here!
Well I'll be
Someone finally shot that Morrissey character
Oh, you mean Rutherford?
RUTHERFORD!
Pat... is... fine!
Aw, don't worry Pat! He don't ejaculate!
Lay it on me!
Whoah. I call bullshit on that one.
Huh! You know, I always wanted to act out a big old dramatic death scene.
Heh! Whatever happened with that, anyway?
Well shit, man! Let's wrap that sucker up! Where those Tofutti-Cuties at?
AH...
HAH!
Seriously, Beef - you think this beard can conceal the Voice Donut?
Okay, where'd you put it? You pack it with the snacks?
It wasn't my job! Dude, the Voice Donut was strictly your touch!
Yo T! Can you run over to my place and find the Empire Voice Donut that is probably sittin' whereever Roast Beef dumbly - you're there? Awesome, man. Simply awesome.
Look, I'm gonna hide my cel in this fake beard I'm wearin', and put it on speakerphone. Use the Donut to be a desert oil prince and have a conversation with Tina where you seduce her, dig?
Whatchu mean that's a lot to ask?! Who loaned you his putter on sixteen yesterday? That's what I thought, forgetful homeboy. We gonna call you in ten, be ready.
So, Roast Beef, how are those new features coming?
The whoosy-whatsit?
Enough with the computer mumbo-jumbo, already! What are you doin'?
Alright, Beef! So you know more about computers than I do! YOu gonna hold it against me?
Well, I just think you're a jerk! How about that?!
Dear Diary: today I yelled at Roast Beef. I was sorry that I did it --- it's just because he is so good at computers and I am not. This is not his fault.
He made nachos later. He called them "Galaxy Nachos"? Is that a certain recipe? They were so tasty that I wished I had made them instead of him. I really need to get in control of this.
Anyhow, goodnight, diary. Sorry to ramble.
-=Ray=-
What the heck is that, Beef?
That game we used to play in the fifth grade?! Man, that game was _decent_! Say, you think they still makin' it?
Uhhh... hold on!
He wrote!
Lyle! Since when do you lok at that kind of stuff?!
Dang! How are all those people gonna answer for all those tattoos? You know there's bound to be some regrets!
How do you get her e-mail once you know that you like her? Do you just click on the picture?
Hey hey, everybody! It's Chef Ray's famous citrus-brined chicken!
Whoah, where is everybody? What the hell?!
Man, what are all you guys doing out here? I just cooked up a delicous chicken!
Could somebody hit up the B-string pretty loud and first gimme a...a few seconds notice!
And when I hear the guitar sound come from the amp it got to be so...nasty...
I got to imitate Jack White, dude!
Does Jack White get into the bed?
I am getting into the bed because that is what Jack White does
Now why would you say a thing like that to Jack White
Goodnight, man.
I'll be in my trailer.
Alright! It's go-time, dude! You need a little fix 'a diamond juice?
We gonna marry the HELL outta that woman!
Okay
Cornelius... Dogg... We got maaaaanes...
We're just going to stay... until the end... of this scene...
How do you tell a cokehead that he ain't famous? Seems impossible... I... I got to get him on TV quick if I'm gonna cash on his crash! We ain't got no time for lunch...
Uh, Jai?
Sorry, Jai, but we got to run. My business partner ain't feelin' too hungry.
I'll call in a few days about those Fiesta Names, okay?
TODD! PLEASE DO NOT PLAY TWO DIFFERENT SONGS ON TWO DIFFERENT STEREOS AT THE SAME TIME!
Alright, well, if you really are allergic to chicken we're gonna have to go see the doctor.
We gotta get you that allergy bracelet, and have them pump your butt all full with vaccine shots!
Hell yes! They take that big old needle and stick it right up Thermometer Lane!
No, no, can't risk it! I'll see if we can set up an emergency appointment with Dr. Andretti.
I worry about you!
That's right, Dr. Andretti! Right up old Thermometer Lane! Heh heh!
What's that? You have a second device which can also tell if he is in Puberty? Awesome!
I wasn't born with the gene that says, "Stop eatin' prosciutto."
I can't drive cars. Or at least, I wouldn't let myself. Not until I discovered Prosciuttolax. Now I drive cars every day, usually about six times.
Hey, man! Do you want to smoke?
Do you want to smoke...
FOREVER?!
Dude, let's smoke! FOREVER! Just like we always said!
Man, that's crazy talk! A leg stump ain't got holes where your urine can go, Ron!
HISSSSS!
Oh my god! Slow pitch softball!
Téodor! We startin' an all-stoned slow pitch softball team! You down, doggie? Charcoal grill at each base, we can do whatever in hell we want! This is LIFE!
You already made us a logo? Let me see! Heh! Man, I can't BELIEVE you were burnin' one at the same time as me. This is hideous!
Whoah! He's a little psycho! I want to play with that little psycho and learn his name!
Dâvidé. Like, 'DAH-vi-day'.
You damn right it was. I rolled my wrists over way too--
Beef, I'm gonna be SICK if I gotta keep holdin' onto this thing!
Dang, Beef! This ain't no regular hangover! This is the big one!
I...I'm talkin' physical therapy! Wheelchairs and stuff! Speakin' at high schools!
Man, what is with these sassy new traffic signs they got poppin' up everywhere?
Jesus, people! Less drama, already!
OH DEAR GOD NO!
Man, I just got back from the grocery store. I am goin' crazy.
It's like, every goddamn product go to have some kind of deal or promotion! Why can't a product just sit on the damn shelf and be quiet?
"Get a free DVD of Shrek 2 with this box of cake powder. Half off tickets to Disneyland if you drink this coke. Get a free pound of shredded meat if you mail back this bar of soap."
Jesus Christ, already! I'm afraid to buy a new dish sponge 'cause I might win a phone call from INXS! Man, I ain't got nothin' to say to those guys!
I-Téodor! Don't sass me when I'm grumpy! I'll have you slayed!
I-this ain't that, dude! I am mad about what I SAID I am mad about! Packages!
No way, dude. Last time I called a prostitute she didn't wear enough deodorant and I couldn't make anything happen. What if I get the same one? Or what if I have a reputation?!
Nah, man. If you went down on me, I'd probably just talk the whole time to keep it from gettin' awkward.
So, like, you know me. Ain't never been too much into the vegetarian thing. But check this out, I was over at Mayor C's last night, and he grilled up these portobello mushroom kebabs? Man, that stuff tasted INSANE. I had no idea you could get that kind of flavor from a mushroom. I'm thinkin' of doin' some tonight if you want to hang around.
Right on, man. I gott warn you, thse things are addictive. I think I put away like six or seven just by myself.
Nice work down there, by the way. Can I get you a soda or anything? I mean, I should have gotten you a soda.
Oh, that? I got it off eBay. It's like an auction-type deal that you do on the computer.
Oh, uh...computers are kind of like... they're like a machine that is really smart and can play chess with you and stuff.
Damn! These days, bein' gay is, like, one better than havin' an iPod!
Nice. Alright, time to film me bustin' through the wall and yellin' at him. Then you can edit this all together, yeah?
Right, totally. You sure I can bust down this wall, right? We only got one take, you know.
Huh... what should I yell... Wait, what direction do I go in, even? Crap, dude.
Dude, you read this story about the komodo dragon got pregnant without any dudes around?
Daaamn, man. Last week I read the same story, only it was a virgin chimp got knocked up.
Dogg, how silly would a little Jesus quail look with a beard and a robe!
He'd be all like, "THOU SHALT NOT KILL ANYBODY! ESPECIALLY NOT MEEEEE!" And then he'd totally glare at the Italians, who would hide their skewers and pancetta.
Here, let's get a Post-it and a calligraphy pen. This is way too cute not to mock up.
Yeah, I know the feeling. More cod?
Really? He did? Tell me more, mom.
Have more Chablis.
Really!
Yeah? Yeah? You ever see him fight?
Huh!...I bet he won his fights, though! I bet he did! Here, have more Chablis.
Dang! Dad was a real bad-ass!
DAD WON THE GREAT OUTDOOR FIGHT?! I should know stuff like this! Mommm!
"Three days! Three acres! Three THOUSAND men! Only one will win THE GREAT OUTDOOR FIGHT!"
Dang, is that Beef and Molly?
What are they doin' way the heck out in Pat's neighborhood?
Nonsense!
Hey, you two! Hop in and I'll give you a lift back to the party!
You guys are probably gonna need to urinate soon! Hop in!
Nonsense! That's crazy talk. Get on in and let's go back to the party. You can urinate at my place.
Nonsense!
Holy dang! It's Christmas Eve! I completely forgot!
I should get Roast Beef a present! Lessee here...
We got us some finger ticklers, a jimmy hat, a coin you flip that says sex-related stuff on both sides...
Man I known that dude all my life
I can't get him no rubber for Christmas
zzzzzz
Holy dang! It's Christmas Eve! I completely forgot!
I gotta think of... for Roast Beef... I gotta... just for once...
ZZZZZZ
Cornelius! Get in! you're old and you gonna do urine on yourself!
Cornelius, listen to me! Why come manhole covers are round? Try to think of an answer, but if not it's ok!
Oh my god! It's end-stage dementia! I need two units of O-neg and a crash cart!
Stop yelling at me! A BLOO BLA BLOOO! A BLOO BLOO BLOOOOOOO! BLOO BLOO!
I'm LEAVING! I HATE you!
It's just you and me, Cornelius! Us against the world! I'll change your pants, I'll chew your food! 'Cause LIFE'S A BITCH!
BEEF! WAIT! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
If Puff the Magic Dragon had made that Rainbow Connection, he probably would have wound up sitting next to tonight's headline act. Please put your hands together for Pat...REYNOOOLDS!
Roast Beef! You gotta get down here, dogg!
We just closed the Todd Account! We drinkin' us some kinky Aberlour!
You mean Guinness? Oh hell yeah! I got a whole case of it!
Like seven!
Y-Yeah...we got a little!
Good news, Beef! You just landed a paid speaking gig as Jaime the Science Friend!
Five grand, dude! Don't consider not doing this!
Lessee here..."The Knights - Love NOT Hate - Racialist Power Rally 2005." Here's their letter:
Ahem..."We unanimously found Jaime the Science Friend to be the perfect entertainment choice for our group: a side-splitting send-up which glorifies White pride and Christian values." What?
Whoops.
Cool! Fun!
Fun! Rad!
Good! Bad? Ethanol! Ketel One?
Not too easy now! I am a great man, but I am not a good man, doctor.
Uh, mom? Can I ask you something?
Um, if I can't be President, can I... can I be a Mayor instead?
OK, mom. I will try to be a mayor instead.
I -- of course! I ain't wanna be, "The Mayor That Let His Momma Down!"
I mean, heh, that ain't no kind of re-election slogan!
Oh, mom! You ain't got to come and clap for me!
Whoah! How'd you DO that?!
Awesome!
place is Closed
can't you...
See!
Roast Beef! You should get down here! We lookin' at *hella porno!*
Aw yeah, Beef! This chick has some RUUUDE TITTIES!
The *RUDEST!*
Yeah, O'Malley. Photos just showed up. I'm takin' a look at them right now.
Hold on, dammit! Dude, Bensington looks slick in these, a straight up pinstripe player! Ain't no sporks or Fed-Ex'd Shoney's!
Oh, you know what it is? Scrape the "Made in China" sticker off your camera. What's it say underneath?
"Hencho en Mexico." I knew it. The market is flooding with Magical mexican realism products these days.
Yeah, thing shoots Bensington the way he thinks of himself, not the way he really is.
'Round about a year back, I bought a cell phone off a loco street player -- had to make a quick call. Call went fine, but then weird stuff started happenin'
Well, the main thing was that i got this recurrin' voice mail, a breathy Latina's voice sayin' "We must meet, for i am your true love." Finally she left an address, some apartment way over in Brunina De Nada, this isolated farm community that is like fifty miles past nowhere
I get to drivin' over there, and in the middle of this huge flat field, there's an intersection with a stoplight. The light's red, and in the car in front of me the driver is checkin' his teeth in the rear-view mirror.
For half an hour, an hour, then two, the light doesn't change, and this dude is calmly examinin' his teeth the entire time. Then i get it. I scrape the sticker off the phone: "Hencho en Mexico." I turn around and drive home.
Uh huh. Excellent. This is really clicking. Keep going.
A 1983 Mercedes? You got it, my friend. Anything else?
That car is fantastic. I'm not kidding.
Here's five hundred dollars. Don't spend it all in one place, unless that place is your nose.
What the fuck, man?!
What do you clowns want? You lost or something?
Big deal. Take a hike.
Let me guess. You're a cynical dyke who always needs coffee and talks about coffee.
Shall what? Shall suck at being entertaining? Too late, pal!
Uh...yeah! Of course you can buy one, mom!
We...uh...we sell special cards for...for kids who had to get operations on Christmas!
Well, I'll get it in the mail first thing! Thanks for the sale, mom!
That son of a bitch! What the--
Huh? Oh! No, mom! I was coughin'! I ate a really hot chili pepper just now!
Ack hack hack! Bleccch! Yuck.
Sorry, mom. I was readin' that book about college dares from the '20s again.
We're in here, dogg!
Yo, dogg! Some moussaka would really hit the spot! All with that sauce...
Well, he's breathin', but his ass cheek and brain are hella stabbed.
I ain't sure I'd even want to wake up again if my ass cheek and brain were that stabbed, you guys catch my drift?
You want an olive, or you want a twist? Olive, or twist? This is Ketel One, boy! You know what that IS, don't you? DON'T YOU?
Wait! ...it's time for my back medicine.
Hey folks! It's...
Oh my Lord! Did the AIBO lung not work?
Y-yeah?
You like Ketel One, right?
Damn straight it is. I got a weakness for the stuff. You take an olive or a twist?
Heh heh! How'd you know I was out of olives? You crack me up, Téodor.
Lay it on me!
Whoah, I call bullshit on that one.
Huh! You know, I always wanted to act out a big old dramatic death scene.
Heh! What ever happened with that, anyway?
Well shit, man! Let's wrap that sucker up! Where those Tofutti-Cuties at?
Todd! Don't use the phone. This ain't that kind of company.
Mom?
Oh! Todd! Ha, ha! Oh, mom. We...it's a good time. We just havin' a lot of fun and learnin' as we go.
Roast Beef, could you come into my office?
Well, if this don't seal the deal! OUT! Get OUT of my house! NOT my friend!
Hey Beef! You ever taste sugar cookies? I just -
Dude, are you bangin' a website?
You're bangin' a website, but whatever. No cookies for you.
ALRIGHT! Which one 'a you am I makin' into cowboy sauce next!
Philippe! Come quick! Roast Beef is havin' a baby!
Don't talk!
Alright now - he's havin' his baby in my room. Are you okay with that?
Roast Beef! Good news! I found Philippe, dude!
Whoah, Beef! You just went into labor!
Hold on, Beef! Now, don't be mad! Is the baby...right about...here?
There we go! Got 'im!
It's the Kermit the Frog Master Memory Challenge! Happy birthday, little man!
Gentlemen, we must share our discovery with the world. It is in the spirit of the highest good.
We must make the ultimate saacrifice, then: our own enlightenment. We must destroy this technology.
Better that three men lead ordinary lives than the world come to an end.
No. You're saying that because you want to be discovered. You still have ego. You want recognition.
Téodor! Nooo!
Daamn, I am diggin' these old-school duds!
Seriously, man!
They oughta take a picture of me and put it on money!
PAT!
Don't wear a cape!
What's your mission? To look like some guy whose license place says RENFAIR?
What the fuck are you talkin' about? You're the biggest asshole I know!
So now you're in The Byrds?
Highly melodic folk rock is long overdue for a comeback. Maybe I ought get him into the studio.
Dang. HELLA emotional. This is a million-seller
Beef, you got the wrong idea about music videos!
Now why don't you just try again! I know you can do better!
Just make it fun to watch! That's all people want! Just make it a party!
Hey, Beef! Letter came for Showbiz! What's goin' on?
Neat! Where'd he go?
Huh, that's weird! I've always heard that the chicks in Cozumel are pretty conservative this time of year!
Well, that's Showbiz for you. Guy could party with a Dutch oven if he wanted to.
Anyhow, here's the letter.
JUFF A FECOND 'UDE
P'too! Whew! I feel like a million bucks! Whatchu want, Pat?
Are you crazy? You know it's a felony for me to loan a gun to a fugitive.
Oh, good! My new banjo got here!
Oh m'darlin', Oh m'darlin', Oh m'daaaarlin' Mabel Jane
Even thooough the sun does wane
I hope we walk again beneath...
The boughs of Friendship Lane!
Hey, that was kind of pretty! I bet there's a place for a tune like this.
...the boughs of Friendship Lane!
Wow!
Whoah!
What do you mean you want off the show, Beef?
We just finished your makeover! You can't quit now!
Yeah I've heard of "Weezer." Of course I have, God dammit!
Well, first of all, Weezer could never HAVE a baby with an iMac, so that is a totally dumb way to describe how you think you look!
Aw, it's real easy, Beef!
Listen... first you just stick your tongue out...
Okay, then just pretend that you're stickin' your tongue out.
Now wave it all around! Side-to-side, in and out--just get *insane!*
So now when you want to end the french, you just pull back and go MMM-*MMM!*
Ha Ha! More like, "You're *welcome!"*
NOTHING CAN UNDO WHAT YOU'VE DONE!
Hey, Beef! Look at me! I'm Tony Soprano! You got a problem with that?
It's Lyle's! It's a little snub just like Tony Soprano has!
Heh heh! You wearin' a wire, Roast Beef? Did you rat us out to the Feds?
Tell Carmela I had to take Christopher to the dentist! Later, Beef!
So this is our Meyer Lemon Weissbier. Note the delicate clove aftertaste.
We recommend serving this one with buckwheat latkes and modified-death Ottawa venison.
Well, it's been scientifically proven that the meat of an animal that dies without suffering tastes better. Modified-death animals are executed in a loving, cage-free environment.
That seems unlikely.
Yeah, Beef. These animals are killed in bizarre hunting betrayals because they were nerds. Will you just taste the beer?
It don't matter! Go away! Nobody cares!
You're stupid! You shouldn't even care!
Thank... Thank you for calling MoviePhone. Today's movies are pretty good. You got Spiderman to choose from or also Titanic at 7:30.
Thank you for calling Historical MoviePhone, where History Comes To Life. You have just won seven dollars, please hold.
Roast Beef! I made a really rad model train layout! Don't you want to come see it?
It goes through a tunnel! But even better is that when it gets to the hopper, it actually drops off tiny little payloads! Soooooo realistic!
Oh you should see it, Beef! The delivery actually starts a second train in motion!
Beef, it don't stop there. This layout also has a *water feature*.
Yeah! And get this -- the train stops for a minute at a *tiny little classical music concert!*
Hey little guy, have you seen Todd?
Heh heh. Uh, no. But I do need to visit with him.
He... his library books are overdue! I don't want him to get in trouble!
That's right! We need to find him soon or the library people will make him pay a fee!
How's he lookin, Dr. Andretti? He's gonna be okay, right? Just like last time?
So he just needs a lung transplant, right? I'll give him one of mine! Let's get movin'!
We gonna be lung brothers, Beef! Just hang in there!
Ain't nothin' more special...than...lung...brothers...
This is Uncle Ray knockin' at the door of One Cuddleplace Lane! Who wants dinner!
Do you want some tasty pizza, Little Nephew? I ordered us some Amici's!
Aw, you know i ain't care about that stuff. But thanks though.
Trans Am...Trans Am...oh! That's my Trans Am. Is that where it is?
That's the exact car from Knight Rider, dude! KITT!
Still though, dude, I did a lotta work gettin' a computer installed that could talk like KITT. Come see.
Maybe you could work that part out. I mainly ended up tryin' to see if I could use the computer to get more organized.
Why's that hot dog chef keep pointin' us out to everybody?
T-Téodor, How'd you get past the gate?!
Hey PAT! Téodor says you broke my new banjo! What the hell, man? Totally uncool!
What, someone slip some acid into your cod liver oil?
Crap, man! I ain't want to go out and be Pat's acid guide! I got Mad Max all cued up on the DVD. And plus I have been wanting to drink beer.
But then again, at the same time, I would feel partially responsible if I let him crawl into heavy traffic or something.
However, last time I saw him we got into a really nasty argument about circumcision. He even went so far as to insult my actual, personal hose.
He said that it had been rendered so insensitive by the procedure that I constantly sought sex in some vain hope of reawakening genital feeling. I am not sure that I want to help out a dude who insulted the very lifeline of my heritage.
Well, I'll help you on one condition, Turtleneck Tom.
You need to admit that my dick looks better than yours.
Come on, man. Say good stuff about my dick.
Si, si
I did this. I made this happen.
All my guys, stoned, on the softball field.
Some ain't been stoned since major religious thinkers came out against the diorama...
Some ain't not been stoned.
Some ain't need to be stoned in order to have strange cares.
The robot dressed up his hair like Pete Rose.
That's fine, cause that's okay.
Huh? Who? What? I'm in the tub, dude. I got mad suds popping all around me.
Hard to hear you.
Are you saying he can't express his own OPINION?
Whatever happened to the Tenth Amendment, Téodor! I'm shocked at you!
Well listen to you, Mr. Learning Head! Maybe YOU oughta run for office!
I did?
Oh yeah! Say, you're kind of liberal, right? Kind of listenin' to The Cure, and stuff?
That's going to be a problem.
Oh DAMN it! It's like six degrees out here! C'mon, stay lit!
Beef! What in the hell?!
Those English nerds told me you were out, dude! What's goin' on?
You...you knew I would fugue if I heard you were down? Dang, Beef! But what about Fauntleroy Brown?
How come nobody's comin' over here?
Uh, that kind of brings us to a tricky subject, Beef. Only one man can win this thing, right?
Damn, Beef. I hate to even think of it.
Finally. Anything special I should know about this guy?
Alright, I got just the thing. Check this, Beef.
Oh Rudy! Your hair's a mess, your shirt is dirty, and daddy gets home in ten minutes! If we make you look like his girlfriend, though, maybe he'll be really nice to you! Maybe he'll take you to HIS room!
I just took my homeboy to Disneyland for three days, man! Classic knuckleheads' vacation!
Don't listen to him. Disney rocked us.
So ungrateful! I bought the dude like seven hats, PLUS a Disney Fantasy Signature, and this is the thanks I get!
It wasn't all bad! Remember that one guy who came out to tell us that the Pirates of the Caribbean was broken? He looked kind of like a fat Puerto Rican George Clooney!
And that's a neat concept!
The dude had skills. He got me so jazzed, I bought three more hats and a big rubber California.
Dude, I can't just read somethin' and "know" it. I'm one of those guys who learns best by doin'.
That's why I can't come out all guns blazin' on, like, the history of France.
Actually, that's a great example. Look: I wasn't there bein' all historical, so I'm like, "Bastille Day? There's poop in the river and the peasants are dyin'? Whaaat?"*
Now you talkin' with bacon, Pat! Dayum!
I do zees... in ze name of Bastille.
Alright, China. You drive a hard bargain. I'll give you the idea for spaghetti, but let the women and children go. I don't care what happens to me.
Jimi, man, wake up. Lay on your side, man. I ain't care if it goes all over the carpet. Just get those reds out, get that nasty old Ripple out.
We gonna get omelettes, Jimi. Hot omelettes in the PM. You just rest.
Yeah, Téodor. Just lay your coat on the bed. That Brioni?
Damn, man! Todd totally doesn't care that he's fat! Rock on, Todd!
Beef, you gotta help me!
Naw, man! They read that fake Yahoo personals ad and thought that was my thing!
You gotta hack into Yahoo and delete this ad, Beef!
Remember that robotic vacuum we saw on TV?
One up front and one when the job is done.
dude!
Yeah-It's hilarious!
Man, look at that poor guy! He's like some kinda weed-head Oregon caveman!
Whoah! That's a neat idea, T! Beef could cut a pretty sharp figure if he had some help!
Maybe we could send it in and get our own makeover show!
Oops! I shoulda' let that old lady cross. Shucks, man. Hella bad manners of me.
Alright, I'ma let this goofity-assed PT Cruiser back out. Freshen up my karma a bit.
Jesus, dude, don't take your time or anything. We wouldn't want that. Nobody would want anything like that to happen.
Oh...hey. Listen -
Dang, man! This old woman got some serious personality chops! We should go out drinkin'!
Ain't nobody in the place would step to me if I was sippin' real with a hot-cuss granny and a fifth 'a Benedictine!
The new bling, all. Liquored-up fogeys sayin' 60-proof history sasses. All flankin' you.
Heh...no, though.
Hey Beef! Come look at this picture of a guy who got killed by a helicopter!
Beef! You hear me?
You busy? I can email it to you. You want that? Ain't no trouble.
Oh...crap. I just checked my membership agreement--they say I can't e-mail the pictures around.
I'll just describe it to you. It's a military dude, and it looks like he's on the deck of an aircraft carrier, and the top half of his helmet is over by what looks like a little wet pile of pink marshmallows, only we know it's not marshmallows because it has an ear. And a sideburn.
In the cool light of the windswept afternoon Colonel D. Allen, of the USS Demeter, kneels by the side of the fallen soldier's...hold on, dude. I'm gonna open up Microsoft Word. Somethin's happenin' here.
"A-ha"...ain't that the band that made Chucklebot gay? GHOST!!
Alright Connie, I need a Todd bio written. You think you got two hundred pages in you?
Just make it up, dude!
I actually want it to be hella interestin' and sad -- kind of end on a massive heart attack in the gutter sort of note ---
...not just five hundred accounts of Todd gettin' high on brick cleaner and cussin' on the couch.
Daaamn! Interesting idea! HELL of interesting! "Custom novels where people you hate end up chumped!"
We doin' this! We Can Do This! Forget about Todd!
Kelly! Give this guy Jagers until he can't say Molecule!
Hello, gentleman! Could I interest you in a fine ale, and perhaps our special half-pound Ahi burger?
Alright, dudes! What celebrities we gonna have crashin' through the wall of our gay porn set?
Gary Sinise? Who's that?
You want a guy in a wheelchair crashin' through a wall, Beef?
I don't want some nobody in a CGI wheelchair. That ain't got juice, that's just a waste of money.
Think! Who's hot right now...Ellen. Many of the Yankees. That American Idol judge who came from England...that's it! Him! Simon Le Cowell!
"Steve, yew moan loyk a wingeing spinsta'. And Ron, t'tell yew the trewth, I was bored from the moment I saw yew."
Yeah, operator? Get me American Idol television program at Fox TV company in probably Los Angeles or New York./ Have them put me through to Simon Le Cowell.
Whew! Thanks for all the fingernail schnapps Rudy! Or whatever that was!
Damn, that was some potent stuff! I am LUCID!
It's....it's like I'm channeling Einstein! I'm....I'm writing the diagram that's gonna save the world!
Oh, yeah, that's one of my investments. Go ahead and deposit it.
Oh, you know. Everything the kicked and krunked new family needs! 5" spinner rims for the stroller, 45-degree leaning carseat, Wu Tang mobile with detachable Ol' Dirty Bastard...
Not only do I not have to tell you my secret recipe, but I also don't have to kill you.
Hawks are amazing birds, but I don't "believe" in them. That's where you run into problems.
AWWW yeah! Who wants to go to high school... IN MY PANTS!
'Scuse me, T. I got to see a man about a dad.
I... Jesus. Real, real fast, right?
Wow!
I'd give ANY-thing to know what they're talkin' about!
I... he... he's leaving! No! NooooOOOOOO!
"See, Lyle, all his life Rustmouth was the quintessential bluesman. Absolutely everything he did was touched by bad luck. He was blessed by that bad luck, in a way. But then along came Silent Bird Wallace and suddenly Rustmouth wasn't the unluckiest man alive any more. Just his luck."
That's the stupidest thing I've ever seen!
Where's my...DAMN! I forgot my room key!
Man, I wouldn't know how to buy a coat in Germany even if I HADN'T spent all my euros on soda.
...I'd probably just wind up makin' a damn fool of myself again
Whoah, can't Todd read?
Check this out!
What kind of wedding would you want if you ever got married, Beef?
Oh come on now. We all got our ideas.
Your idea of love is to help a Chinese lady get an MBA so she can dump you?
..Nice Pete? Oh, uh...how you doin'?
Oh! Okay, sure! I'd love to hear your idea! You know how I am!
Yes... I believe I will start with the Consommé a la Bohémienne.
Followed by the Quenelle de Foie Gras.
And for the fish course, the Turbot à la Meuniere.
Ah yes. I was thinking about the Tournedos Bordelaise.
Let's see... let's breathe a bin 281 for the meats but start off with the Jouët.
Dirty Sanchez all the way!
Don't 4get the Blumpkin!
No $hit?
Is that sexxy tho
O.K. I can kind of see that 1/2$
Any others
Man why would you even write something like that
Why did you think of that though
Why would you think of that
Well, we gotta take. Philippe starts school tomorrow!
I left a handle in the icebox for you.
Dogg! It's good to see you!
Man, has it been a while!
Huh? Oh! Right! The porno!
Well I'll be! It looks like someone taped over it! Oh well! Who wants a drink?
Roast Beef! Wait! Nooo!
Yeah-It's hilarious!
Man, look at that poor guy! He's like some kinda weed-head Oregon caveman!
Whoah! That's a neat idea, T! Beef could cut a pretty sharp figure if he had some help!
Let's get cameras and stuff and document it!
Maybe we could send it in and get our own makeover show!
Yeah, and that was actual real music! You, you just yellin' to some beatbox, sayin' that algebra is gay!
Yeah, in the third grade, maybe! And you shouldn't even be usin' language like this at your age!
"If a number can't come real/ Then I don't need that stumper/ The concept of the variable/ can take it in the dumper."
Not today, man. Fuck you.
Sorry, fella. Fuck you.
Yeah, I'd like Meal #2 with a Sprite.
No. Fuck you.
Naw, I ain't want to respond to a survey about time share properties. Fuck you.
Hey, everybody! Ray Smuckles here on a beautiful Fuck You Friday! That's right, take old Fuck You out for a spin today. You'll be glad you did!
Okay, Todd. I did a little protoyping after we chatted last night, and I branched out our Ana-Tomix concept a bit.
Now, what's one thing everybody's has? A cell phone.
Yet you can't buy fake nuts for your phone no matter how hard you try.
Go ahead, Todd. Try.
Try to buy fake nuts for your phone.
Not anymore.
Alright, you want a beer or anything? Help yourself - I put some Coronas in the mini-fridge before I left.
Dude, "A," the Airwolf cockpit has one-way glass...
...and "B," you need to calm down. We'll find Philippe using Airwolf, don't worry.
Seriously? You pronounce it "heela-copter"? Everyone I know says "hella-copter."
Easy, dude. I was readin' the instruction manual while you were takin' your time climbin' the rope ladder to the heela-copter.
We just tell his species to the on-board computer and Airwolf uses its on-board spectra-sonic rays to locate objects with his specific density and size.
AIRWOLF! FIND...AN OTTER!
Alright, good news. Philippe's floatin' in a cooler about two hundred yards offshore.
Now I just got to toggle through some commands here...man, this interface is terrible! I feel like I'm tryin' to set the time on a cheap oven!
Man, this ain't right, Beef. I been thinkin'.
Man, you ran my whole show. You just wound me up and set me down, B.
This ain't my victory.
If it wasn't for you, rats would probably be eatin' my head in a dumpster somewhere!
D...Dad?
Mmm! Damn, these are tasty! Hey Pat, try some of these!
These little things are called Craisins? Daaamn!
Heh! Check it out, Beef - we're behind one of those dudes who messes with the letters on his Toyota!
"OYO." I see that one a lot. What's he even tryin' to get across?
Look, I ain't interested in no Capital One card.
Yeah, uh, I didn't do that. I'm more of a "rent a pony" kind of guy.
Listen, put Captain B on the line.
B? Yeah, it's Ray, man! Ha ha! No, no, I ain't callin' to back outta the tournament! Yeah, I'm still in for my full pledge! Hope you boys don't blow it all on new Pings!
Oh, listen man, do me a quick favor and erase all history of crimes I have committed recently.
Cool, thanks. Say, B, how you set for wheels these days? I got one of those new Hummers but it's hell on my lumbar.
Nice. That'll be a fun car for B Junior to have at college. You're a good dad, Bill.
Roast Beef! Help! The computer went all in black and white! HELP!
Yeah! Yeah! I did! I put in one called "Photoshop"! Is that bad? Is that a pretty bad program?
Holy crud, man! This is ridiculous! I just wanted to make a card for Little Nephew!
So anyway, I had to delete something called the "Adobe Gamma Loader.exe"? Apparently that thing totally sucks!
I tell you Lyle. When I was younger, I could do anything with a computer. I could turn it on, make it list the files that it had...
...I could even make it write my name on the screen while the background flashed! If I did somethin' like that today, why... why...
You ever heard of "Asleep Style"?
It's like a sex position. But it's also kind of like a sex concept.
The idea is that you ask the lady to wait until you're good and sound asleep... and then get it on with you real careful so you don't wake up. I had Tina try it on me.
Who knows, man. Who knows.
This is no way to treat a man. What did you say?
You sayin' I ain't legit? Let's remember who gave who a tiny bottle of Cuervo and some damn sugar powder.
No, almost none. There are these players outta Boston, callin' themselves TriQuorn, 'cause they wear those tri-corn hats like from old times, but mainly they do it out of -- hey, man. I got no business tellin' you this. I'm still in talks with these guys.
What?
They wear Diesel. It's not like a historical rapping society or anything, they just have the hats, with red bandannas tied real tight underneath.
I don't even know what you're on about. Let's change the subject.
Getting me a real drink now that I've gotten this one past the gatekeeper?
These ain't even cold, and plus MGD is VERY terrible.
Jsut sayin'. So anyhow, what else did you want to cover? I write a lot of music, guide a lot of small businesses, paint...
Of COURSE I like to cook! Next question!
Okay, cool. You want to shoot some pool or something?
This interview is ovah'.
Yo, T! Beef's proposin' to Molly!
No, not yet. But we kind of had a little talk. You could see the dude steel up. He knew it was time.
Seriously man. Four years, dude. They had their downs. They had their move-outs and ugly public fights. Those cats are cosmic like end of days. Time to execute!
Heh, no kiddin'. So, I'm tryin' to plan a honeymoon they'd like, but I got a bad case of player's block.
Well, like, you know Beef. He gonna feel like an egg in a bag in Monaco or Antibes.
Damn. Wow. If you put Sodium Pentothal under Beef's eyelids and electrocuted him pretty hard, he'd ask for exactly that.
Check it out, Téodor! I bought some old-fashioned porno on eBay! Ain't it neat?
Like $5.99! I was the only bidder!
Thank you. That is always nice to hear.
Well, I figure that since the lady is about to get spanked it might be worth more to certain--
Huh?
Since when do you smoke, Phillipe? And what happened to your regular, non-ridiculous pants?
My "trolley"?
What?
My pencil?
No...
No! No! I'm sorry! None of those terms mean anything to me!
Dude! Remember how I don't know German?
Get this! I been learnin' German by watchin' German porno, man!
Daaaaamn
Waterbury! Come in here!
How come I'm wearin' kneepads and a helmet?!
You mean I was sleepwalkin'?
Well I'll be damned! Thanks for catchin' me! I coulda really hurt myself!
I...I ain't entirely sure what that means, but I think we're done talkin' about this, Waterbury.
Look at them, wastin' all their time playin' on the computer!
Come on Lazarus, let's go catch up with CNN Financial and get us a little dinner!
Yeah, Ozuma Sushi? Listen, we need two Beef Teriyaki dinners at 11 Via Verde! The money is under a rock in the front yard and you will be fighting the Kama Sushi deliveryman for it.
I don't like fighting either. Get there first.
It's five AM, chochacho! You ready to gruzzle down some cheese omelettes, or you want to watch Braveheart again first?
Duuuude! Philippe is fine! He probably just fell asleep exactly wherever he was standing at 8:30!
Alright! Choice is yours. Totally asleep alive kid, or fontina omelettes with a hundred dollar bill put next to the plate at a forty-five degree angle.
Heyo! Ray Smuckles here! Who's callin'?
Oh, hey JM! Listen, I wanted to talk to you about that photo you took of me on the can.
I'm talkin' about your choice of setting.
I did several other photographable things that day, including rinse off grapes and look at a book I have.
Why you chose to watch me during toilet time says a lot about you!
Check it out, Téodor! I bought some old-fashioned porno on eBay! Ain't it neat?
Like $5.99! I was the only bidder!
Thank you. That is always nice to hear.
Well, I figure that since the lady is about to get spanked it might be worth more to certain-
-PRIVATE BRAINSTORM for RAYMALL 2.0-
Sorry massive little man, but this is how the game is played...
Listen here now, little mister! You ain't gettin' NO pizza so long as you walkin' around lookin' like Gay KISS!
What? What? WHAT?
Oh, damnit. Hold on a second now! That ain't funny!
Fine then! Two can play at this game!
All-RIGHT! Let's get us on down to that graveyard and hella start munchin' on some skeleton bones!
I found some old Thompson Twins tapes that we can use to listen to!
I've seen bigger! My cousin knew this girl in Canada who had J-cups!
Um...uh...it's OK, dude! Listen, I was just makin' up about those J-cups! I was just tryin' to impress you! Beef? Beef?
Beef! Come on over, dude! We rallyin' for your bachelor party!
Yo yo, T! You ready to get on up in the Roast Beef bachelor party train?
What? What in hell you mean you guys ain't on speakin' terms?!
Yo Connie, come on down for the Roast Beef bachelor party! It's gonna be off the-
Huh? What? Fool, don't get arthroscopic surgery tonight!
My mom just called, dude. I got to pick her up at the airport. Back in fifty, cool?
Oh CRAP I got to call Beef!
Oh DAMMIT my cell phone is dead! WHY I don't never charge my damn cell phone? WHY must I live like a fool?!
Oh god and I been in Antibes all month I ain't even got a single beverage for that guy to lever into...
Huh? What's this?
Weird. Is he ... arresting me?
Is this a ... "Friends' Arrest"?
Oh! Our "cards for guys" idea from yesterday! Man, did this throw me.
My fight-or-flight was racin' but it could put together NO conclusion about what was happenin' here.
No, they got to sign it, 'cause you need 'em buyin' new ones.
Alright Beef, now open your eyes!
It's a '65 Ford Galaxie, just like you always talkin' about!
Me?! This car's for you, Beef!
Go on! Get in!
What a damn lovely morning it is.
You got a boat, Téodor?!
Daaamn...a BOAT!
Look at you in that new shirt! How could you BE so cocky?!
Oh. Dude. You got to check this out. Close the curtains.
And remember, I didn't show this to you, 'cause you didn't see it. I'm nervous just havin' this thing around.
He don't dig on jokes about his family. I guess I forgot that.
Yeah. I should call and apologize to him.
I hate making calls like this.
Hey man, it's Ray. I'm sorry I said that I boned your brother-in-law
It's got like half a million settings, Beef! Hold on!
Here then, smart guy! YOU figure it out!
Fine, then! I already SEEN Sex Limo! I was just doin' you a favor!
It ain't even a real LLLLLIMO!
It's just a Lincoln TOOOOOWNCAR!
That is Spongebob's house
Tina? Dang, man! I ain't even thought about her in like six months!
Not this time. I finally realized that we just disagree about too many fundamental things.
Oh...like when I should be allowed to wear socks in the bed and when I shouldn't.
They let athletes wear leg warmers!
Watchu doin' lettin' this Jehovah's Witness bother you, Beef?! I thought you had any sense!
Good, good...
For FREE?!
Alright, fine, whatever! Listen, kid, just look into franchising.
You didn't just say that. -- Anyhow, you got to be your own boss. Start up a concern called Private Horizons. Thank me later.
Jesus, kid! You catch on nice and slow, don't you!
It's your exclusive, "by invitation only" form of Jehovah's Witnesseyism!
Ain't nobody wants somethin' they givin' away for free! -- You never hear the terrible tale of Strawberry, the neighborhood 'ho?
N-no...? If you don't get off my property and create an exclusive Jehovah Witnesseyism franchise, so help me I will hunt you down and treat you like the dopeman did Strawberry.
Daaamn! Player got a little Inbox goin' on goin' on!
Who in hell is Leon Sumbitches and why he sent me an attachment?! Man, this looks like a computer virus straight-up splickety!
But wait, what if it's some new MC sendin' in a demo? Gravity Train sounds like it has the legs to be the most important new dance song of the year...hate to get scooped...
You know what? When a man is afraid of an e-mail, it's time to redistrict the comfort zone.
Take a hike, advice. I'm crackin' this sucker wide open.
Shut up, Lazarus! It ain't even light out!
Old Windmill Is tasty! I ain't got to defend that to you!
I'm skippin' a day. You go on and do whatever you want.
DID IT EVER OCCUR TO YOU THAT IF I SO MUCH AS BLINK I MIGHT GO INTO STAGE ONE RENAL FAILURE
Damn, Pat! Pick up!
Pat, man, it's Ray! Where the hell are you? Pick up!
Oh Paaa-aaat! Somebody's gettin' his Booooone on!
Shush! Listen. I need to call in a favor.
"Damn, this dude can't even eat lunch without destroyin' men and declarin' the death of God..." "I wish he'd ever come to a parent-teacher conference... top half of the teacher on fire... principal all destroyed and thrown completely over the gym into a pile of hubcaps..."
What the heck is that, Beef?
That the game we used to play in fifth grade? Man, that game was decent!
Say you think they are still makin' it?
Uhhh... Hold on!
He wrote!
Look at you, all dressin' the fool! What's gotten into you, Little Nephew?
What did you just say?!
Care to REPEAT that, little man? I don't think I HEARD you!
Lyle, man! We gotta call it quits! No more joint company!
I been gettin' threats from this drug dealer goes by the handle of Japan Man! We gotta pack it in!
This dude snuck into my house! He took a secret picture of me on the can!
Ain't you get it, man? He ain't gonna stop at that!
No, I - no, man! No! Jesus, Lyle!
I'm talkin' sleepin' with the fishes! Cement shoes!
Yeah, I guess you're right! The dude is sick! Probably had issues potty training!
Maybe he doesn't even sell weed at all, and just uses that as a cover for takin' pictures of me on the can!
Yeah, he had us goin' but good.
That, and he shot Beef, and borrowed a bunch of money from me, and he's got Little Nephew walkin' and talkin' like a pissed-off bottle of Wild Turkey, plus he-
Yeah, sorry about that.
Yeah, I think I got that one!
Keillor...Keillor...that farm guy, right? Here we go...
You a crazy person, Beef. Go to a dungeon.
Ideas? Awesome. Comedy is nine-tenths ideas. Hand 'em over.
That's any late night skit show. Just air the parts that ain't about cocaine and selfish sex. Old industry secret.
...we'll start the ghostwriter on the tell-all now, and get bidding going on the other 50% of the footage for when he croaks. Any good executive can spot a cokehead. A great one can make him a Belushi.
Alright, O'Malley. What else did you dig up on Bensington Butters.
Ouch. You do that hotel room-service impostor thing we agreed about? Upgrade package B?
Uh huh. Uh huh. Keep talkin'.
How'd he order his steak?
You bring the ketchup?
Nice work, O'Malley. You keep your mouth shut about this and maybe the new hip fairy gonna visit your moms next year.
Everybody else was studyin' the German phrasebook on the plane . . .
But NOOOOO, not Ray! Ray spent the whole time lookin' at the damn SkyMall catalog!
Heh! I'm like the Donald Trump of homeless people!
Other homeless people, you're Fired! Heh heh!
Oh, shit, the Fuzz!
Hey, nice shirt! I used to like the Scorpions too!
Where is Ray
In heaven
Beef! BEEF! We...I never got to talk with my dad!
Still, man! How am I ever gonna find him again?
I...yeah. You think he's 'a be pissed at me for not doin' things his way?
Damn. That is a thing, isn't it?
What should we do, man? This is the time
Daaamn! A proper winner's feast! You think he'll close the place just for us?
I'm the rich guy!
Call your guy, George, and hand me the phone. We gonna get this done.
Beef, I hid nine grand under the Fight-Tite Elastoband in my hat. Get us a spread from next door.
Whoah, Todd! What the hell?
Let's go check out the dance floor, fellows.
One...two...three...
Whoah, whoah. Hold on. I can still smell it.
Check it out, Lyle! I just got one of those machines that automatically folds a letter into perfect thirds!
For mailing! So you ain't gotta judge and guesstimate!
My whole life I always been a little stressed come time to get the letter to fit the right size into an envelope. I blow it about almost a tenth of the time.
Huh! Damn interesting! Like all Philip Morris but with spliffs! Interesting!
Lyle and Rays Perfect Jays! Dogg, I just thought up our company name! Got kind of a Tuff Gong metal shack feel!
Téodor, man! We need a logo for our new joint company! Come help us out, doggie!
What? Are there any sluts at my house?
Hey, you can make fun of me all in your corny deep voice, or you can get in on the ground floor of this thing.
It's weird, you know. It's like, at any minute they might stop and go, "just kidding!" and go get some chicks.
Or, like, Rambo might bust through the apartment wall and yell, "CUT IT OUT!"
Kind of like the Kool Aid Man, you know? Only, instead of delighting a room full of thirsty kids, he has a gun and he's extremely angry at two naked men.
Dude! That's IT! That's our ANGLE! Forget about the disguised cases!
Yeah, I kick a couple bricks his way now and then. Don't talk during my swing.
Uh, his campaign ain't too solidified yet. What ticket do we want him runnin' on?
Alright Philippe, here's your list of photo ops for tomorrow.
Just put your arm around it and call it Timmy.
Oh yea, I called the agency...better get up
God, she's not at all what I wanted...
You...you brought your kid?
Is he...is he mixed race?
Beef! Beef! Are you okay?
What are you talkin' about, Beef?
Heh! Sounds like you been doin' some serious dreamin' under that anesthetic.
Hey, Téodor! Who left you alone with Roast Beef?
Daaamn, Pat! I didn't know you were gonna be at the video store! Whatchu gettin'?
Whoah. I don't know who Steve is, but I don't think I'm invited to his Party.
You know what the problem with gay porn is? I'll tell you. Look at these titles...
"Steve's Party."
"Tim and Carl's Houseboat Party."
"Brad: Party of One."
"Josh Rents a Wimp."
You know the clerk thinks you're an idiot for gettin' movies with titles this stupid, porn or not, man.
That's why you and me gotta reinvent gay porn, dude. We gonna design stealth DVD cases that only gay dudes know to pick up, cases that are virtually impossible for anyone else to care about.
I just decided this.
Pat? Yeah, Ray here. I made us up a prototype.
How much Christian Brothers we got left in that bottle?
Well, I think it's because we runnin' Apache on FreeBSD. Yeah, swap space keeps fillin' up. Repartition? Wait, Mike, did you touch the NIC? I can't ping it.
Huh? Oh, I just wanted to see if I could run my own web server. It ain't some big deal like the main nerds would have you believe. This crud is fly-easy if you can make yourself care.
In fact, it's kinda beneath me. I plan on forgettin' all this stuff within a week, hopefully two. I got a hypno-session comin' up.
Seriously! Can you imagine if a chick heard me talkin' abour RAID arrays? Her tits would fall off and roll under the couch! Her uterus would shut like an airlock!
The hypnotist is gonna get it back down so I can just check email and maybe get stuff onto my ipod three times outta ten tries.
I can't take this anymore, man. These dudes have got to stop it. This has just gone on TOO LONG.
Gonna make 'em a new one. Go get my digital camera. You can still do Photoshop stuff, right?
Dogg. Nice work on the capital G.
Well, he's all stressin' that everything these days is "green" this and "carbon footprint" that, so I want this bachelor party strippers to be local.
I got it on good authority that Harmony Kluxx and Dipitt Devine do a good show.
You know chicks who will do a free striptease just for getting' to go on a car ride?
Huh. Maybe Beef's last brush with other women actually SHOULD be horrible!
Wise as the Dickens, Lyle! Who would have expected such sentences of you!
Maybe we could set up a little "van" diorama in one corner, and you could score with one of 'em! Like A Christmas Carol! The "Ghost of Freefallin' Personal Standards Yet to Come!"
Okay, Téodor, here's another ten G for you guys' campaign. Let me know when you need more.
Huh? What did you say?
Oh, yeah, I thought it might be kinda fun.
That's right! It's the one John Lennon played on the Ed Sullivan show!
That one's actually for singin' through.
It's designed to accompany Delta bluesmen. Watch.
OH BABY I AIN'T GOT NO MONEY
The capital of Quebec is Queblowme. Next question.
Bullshit. Canada needs to know about ME. Why in hell I got to mess around memorizing a pretend country?
Well, when they do somethin' besides have Rick Moranis piss tons of beer out of his dick, then maybe Strange Brew won't be the only thing about Canada.
The only thing I'm takin' to the election is an angry little brain that stores Canadian history in a molecule next to fruit names. Get away from me.
I dreamt I had died. Everyone looked all tired and sad like they had just got up for a big fishing trip.
It was time to get buried but I hadn't been dressed for it.
dang, i don't want nobody pullin' my legs through no pants.
So I got up to go dress myself
Hold up a minute.
At first I chose a white shirt and tie but then I realized these were going to be the clothes I wore for the rest of time.
all right, let's do this.
Téodor! Just the man I been wantin' to see!
Listen, T, do you think we can use that computer of yours to whip me up a CD?
Good-bye Achewood, Hellllll-o Hollywood!
Well, other than the usual deal, It's got a computer that improves you. Like, if you press this green button with the question mark on it, you get the Word of the Day.
You're probably right. Here, I'll try to get a reasonable word.
I am ... SO sorry ...
Dogg! Do NOT play with my merkin!
Téodor I-- Do NOT drag my merkin in the breakfast eggs! You gonna RUIN that merkin!
It's a historical pubic wig from when prostitutes had to shave "down there" because of lice and stuff!
I don't! I just didn't understand the eBay description!
I don't know! Golf clubs? You know how searches take you off on tangents!
God, if he only knew...
Let's everybody say somethin' nice about Roast Beef while we wait out here for the doctor, OK?
Why don't you start, Pat.
We just call him Roast Beef. We all friends, you know? Ain't that right, fellas? *We all friends!*
Whoah whoah whoah now! That don't sound so lucky, doc! In his *spine*?
Well, it ain't good, if you're okay with hearin' that.
We goin' on a road trip, Beef!
Let's say some cops pull us over...we just make a break for it! Ain't no human can catch a cat!
I just sold 34 million albums, Beef! We'll get another one!
This is the chance of a lifetime!
Roast Beef, you could see a rainbow turnin' out badly!
Let's go see America!
Aw, man! I just peed all on the floor around the toilet bowl!
I tell you, I ain't nobody's picnic.
Oh, hey Doc Andretti! How's Cornelius doin'?
No, man, it was already like this. Some guy with a mustache came runnin' outta here just before me.
He looked pretty embarrassed.
Yeah, I think it was fake. There was an article about him in the newspaper.
Apparently he doesn't have good control, you know? So he wears a disguise and uses other peoples' bathrooms!
Here, Doc. Join me in a prayer for him.
Hello, Téodor. This is Ray Smuckles calling to tell you about a...
--about a unique software opportunity. Do you have a computer in your home, sir?
Tell me, Téodor - do you, like millions of others, have trouble keeping track of when to buy eggs and milk?
Téodor? Sir?
No, sir. This is nothing short of a revolution.
Hey Connie! Got a minute to give me notes on my latest manuscript?
'Member how I was idiotic the last two weeks? I had a realization--there ain't no romance novels for actual idiots!
Nah, not if you got insight to the actual idiot mind. Check it!
Aww, look at him all asleep on his side. What a cute kid.
You...you hid the Keith Moon head before he cound find it, right?
What? No, man! That's the real deal! That's his actual head in there!
eBay, dog!
I have a Platinum Reserve account. Kind of like their black market.
Well, it's actually kind of a hassle to own.
you have to setup a living trust for the thing, you know--to provide for it in case you die--like old people do with their canaries.
Right. Then there are these guys who do monthly inspections on it to make sure it ain't bein' stored in direct sunlight, hasn't come back to live, etc. This is all explicity stupulated in Keith's will. I kinda wish I'd known this stuff first, but what are you gonna do.
I...exactly, T! EXACTLY!
Oh! T! Idea! You think that's vodka his head is suspended in?
We got to take shots of it! Tell me how classic that is! We got to be able to tell that story dude!
Oh classic!
Here. I'll stand by with the glasses while you unscrew the lid and dip in the ladle. You ready?
What? Oh, no, mann! I got this on eBay!
This was Trent Reznor's high school car! If you sit in it, you are guarenteed to feel total despair!
I'm not so sure you're the kind of--Beef! Wait!
Hey BEEF! Check it out! I'm NAKED!
Oh shit, doggie! Let me throw on my duds and grab some bottled Cokes!
Man, listen to how nice all his guitar notes are.
What'd I tell you guys! My mom's the best!
Heh! Thanks!
Men, you have competed in four events, and the results have been surprising.
Téodor, we hoped you would shine during the cooking event, but you folded with a focus and intensity normally seen only in successes.
Pat, you've been to prison more times than the neck tattoo fairy, yet you got on worst with Miami.
Vlad, you're a machine, yet you could not identify which of your machine brothers was, in fact, the car quiz's logical choice.
Lyle, you communicate maunly through smells and peeing, yet you couldn't get along with the dog.
Cornelius, you could have won this thing in your sleep, but you didn't, and I'm suri thi other players thank you for extending that courtesy.
Congratulations, Cornelius. You are the baddest dude in town; you are the mirror that shows a normal man that he is a clown.
DID YOU HEAR THAT?! THE DUDE PREPARED REMARKS!
THis guy Ed Gredby just got killed in a truck fire! They said he couldn't get out, so his friend shot him in the head before he could burn to death!
Beef! Dude! Pastor Shickanell was gonna get picked up in that rape case, but he hooked up this system where when he opened the door for the pizza guy, guns tied to strings shot them both in the head!
Hey Beef, check it out! This guy has a website of himself gettin' shot in the head! They say it's the first one!
Dude, I drew a mouse gettin' shot in the head! You think it looks real? Be nice, man!
That Kurt Cobain...I ain't a main person of his thing. but he wrote some good songs. I'll say that.
I damn hope marriage ain't gonna change my dogg.
Alright dogg, I'm takin' on The Game.
Yeah, man. Dilbert. Probably gonna get sued for even sayin' that name.
Yo Dilbert! How's your coffeebert? You gettin' pizzabert for lunchbert? You ever wish you'd never chained yourself to certain dopey suffixberts?
You're like chow main, man! You're just not a big deal!
Did a reader submit that sentence for use in this phone call? Is that how this works?
Look, I gotta go be a spineless hero to sixty million water cooler wimps who have their password written on the back of their hand. Later on, horse dogg maniac.
Man, that cat already knew how to use the damn toilet.
All cats know how to use the damn toilet.
Whoah! Who are you?
Wow, man! Neat to meet you!
I think I got some Tuaca!
Beef? Yeah, hey man. What's up? Listen, do you remember me doin' anything last night that might get me on Russel Simmons' bad side?
Oh, no reason. Look, I gotta go check my Outbox.
Seriously, dude, I got a pretty slammin' coffee machine last month. I can do stuff with whipped cream or foam, man, you name it. Caramel lattice? Hold down shift and hit #7, man.
It has a fully articulated syrup nozzle.
Pat, Ray again! I think it can handle donkey milk, if you still doin that vegan thing! BA-DUMP BUMP! Rim shot! Heyo!
Pat, I apologize to you. From, Ray Smuckles.
Daaamn, nice work with that inheritance angle! Pat's probably runnin' over here so fast that he can't close his mouth and his cheeks are balloonin' out with wind!
Man, what is the matter with me? I just called my best friend a butthole!
A butthole!
Talk about something you don't serve with a chilled rosé.
I got issues, man. I'm hella pullin' a psychology here.
I'm buggin' cause my best friend is gettin' married, ain't I? I'm actin' like the fucker belongs to me.
Oh god, look what I just thought. How sick am I.
I got to see a therapist on this stuff.
Plant that ass
Come on, Roast Beef! Come on back, and make me some Galaxy Nachos!
Oh ...all right. Hey, did I tell you I got back with Tina?
Yeah, dogg! It was *hella fun!*
We been over this, Beef! You a handsome fellow! You just a few hearts shy of confident, that's all!
Daaaamn, Cornelius! Sick flivver!
Oh, I was just helpin' out a friend. We take this thing for a spin?
Yeah, man! Take your time! I know how it is.
Ray Smuckles, the new student transfer from Metropolitan Sex College 9, drove his Pierce-Arrow right up to the Hardy Boys and tooted his horn!
Frank steadied his younger blonder brother Joe.
"What do you want?" asked Joe, stiffly.
"What any man wants! To meet the Hardys!" laughed Ray. Everyone chuckled with relief. It was good to see that the new city fellow knew who was who.
Even though he was from a high school where students freely discussed orgasm and jazz music in the hallways --and the teachers were always stoned--
...there was something that everyone in straight-laced Bayport liked about Ray.
So how'd you get the name Roast Beef, anyway?
You know what I mean!
So they named you Roast Beef?!
Help us out, Beef. We got a situation that is much at hand.
Well, like, Envelópe Martinez has a bunch of cars and Christian fundamentalists on his lawn. It's bad for property values, man. Precedent.
Man, those guys got gone and stayed gone! You ain't leavin' here 'til you knock down this lineup 'a Cragganmore, dogg.
BATTER UP!
Oh, bag that. You're the man! You're the man in like seventy ways.
Speakin' of which, when you gonna make an honest woman outta Molly? Don't dodge this one!
I ain't just buggin' 'cause I like tiny quiche, man. You know she's got gifts for you for like the next three years hidden in my attic?
This world ain't nothin' but bad news and the pills that go with it, and here you got a girl who's thinkin' about your Christmas present in March.
Could be, doesn't have to be. A dude walks down a street and a plane lands on his head; he never did what mattered. Just sayin'.
You even think for a minute there's some better way to play it?
Happy Birthday, Onstad.
Roast Beef! How long can you study geometry for?!
Snoooooze!
Sure it sounds impressive, but when are you actually gonna use it?
Oh, you're right. I guess I been meanin' to learn a little geometry.
GENTLEMEN! Inside this box is a career prisoner! Your challenge is to convince him that you've done hard time!
After you've all gone, the prisoner will tell us who he thinks was the most believable!
...So like it ain't bad enough that Little Nephew got himself the Stone Cold F Grade in History this quarter...
Yeah, all with the date and time stamp still showin' 'cause she couldn't figure out how to work her Nikon!
No sir, not exactly the witching hour.
What's she doin' these days, anyway? Maybe I can use her as an example of how Goths don't succeed in the world.
Get outta here! You can't come in here when I got important stuff goin' on! You gonna screw me up!
Ain't see why.
I am helping Albert Einstein write down that he can't write down because he is a ghost and his hand is clear. I guess out of all people you would be the jealous one, wouldn't you!
What?
Yo, Beef. Ray here. Just wanted to say thanks for lookin' after me last couple of weeks.
Huh? Oh, come on, now. You ain't even got to demur.
Whoah, dogg. Say shucks that much on your own time, maybe like for Guinness World Records. I hear they take mp3s.
Serious, though, man. You ever go creamy in the noggin, I got your back til end of days. Trust on that.
What if I go creamy too? A clause, man! That's all! Nurses are to tuck us in on the TV room couch under a big puffy quilt that says, "Just Some Knuckleheads From The Day!"
Dang, good idea! I'll call Rudy in production and we'll send promo samples to convalescent homes around the world.
Stand down little man and make peace with yourself!/You're just warm Winner's Cup and I'm all top Shelf!
I'm a Moët Bellini all chilled up real nice,/You're a Popov martini without any ice!
I'm rollin' large, makin' numbers at craps!/You're drinkin' a drink made out of wrung out Wet-Naps!
Ten women approach me and whisper, "bongiorno,"/You're in your room watchin' scrambled-up porno!
I'm chompin' mignon on Bellagio lake,/You're at Circus Circus fightin' rats with a rake!
They comp me a suite and a silk lobster bib,/You get kidnapped at Binion's and sold as prime rib!
Philippe, can you see yourself with all of your egg- and milk-tracking problems completely solved?
Philippe, what would you say if i told you I could sell you a computer program that kept track of all your milk and eggs?
Man, I don't have any IDEA if we can make it not have the milk part!
Of...of course! That's no problem! Hey, anything you need, guy!
Yo Beef! Can we lose the milk stuff? Please say yes! if you say yes, I can close this guy.
Let me guess. You feel... "bad." Is that it? Did I put my finger on it?
I came to pick your amateur ass up. Now let's hustle before that gold diggin' peanut slinger wanders out here in some frou-frou negligee that makes us ALL look cheap.
Let's go. We'll talk in Airwolf.
See, Beef, you got just DUMB scratch for the first time in your life. You ain't know how to handle it, but there's plenty of sniffin' dogs that do.
Chivas, and (B) wearin' too tight of gray trousers from Sears.
No you didn't. You existed in an area and nobody did moisture-style touches on your body. Calm down.
Now would be a good time to decide, though. Can you hang with money, or do you go back to the way you were?
What do you want to do with all the money from the card line?
I'll have my people manage that. Maybe set some aside for a rainy day?
Roast Beef! Why are you programming that computer?
What are you programming it to do?
That's right, sir. Based on how much eggs or milk you started with. Could I interest you in a trial version?
Alright now, that's it! You are off to your room!
Your fifteen minutes are up and it's time for the broom!
Like American Idol all mixed with Survivor,
I vote you off of this island, little free verse MacGyver!
If you like the Web well then fine you can have it!
All those aviator glasses, watchin' anime rabbits!
My fans roll all real in sleek black Escalades!
Your fans be all worried 'bout their D&D trades!
Huh? Man, I ain't want any -
I don't know, man. You sure this food ain't got armpit hair and a '91 Jetta?
Come on, Cornelius! Get Primal and let's go pick up some ass at The Smoke! How long's it been since you rattled that old saber?
Damn, Cornelius! You get shot down by any more women and we're gonna have to make a drinkin' game outta this!
Beef, I think you know what this dude needs.
Roast Beef, me and the fellows chipped in and got you a little something for your birthday.
It's a Hot Pot, dude! Happy Birthday!
It helps you make tasty little meals!
Roast Beef! These chimichangas are terrible!
They all soft an' crappy! How long ago did you fry them?
You fried these chimichangas this morning?! Daaamn, Beef! I thought you had more sense!
Now Beef, a fried food item will only stay crispy for a short while! This is due to the==
Whatchu' drinkin' there, Cornelius! You know I get my Sad on when folks bring they own bev!
A... a little bit, yeah. This stuff's only what, about 50 proof?
Yeah... I started to go into withdrawal there for a second! I was sad and scared!
Dear Blog: How does the blood/alcohol ratio work, anyway? Is it possible to dilute one's system with weak drink? I had some "Pimm's" around three and it took my red pants off and changed them for blue. I'm serious, blog, I seem to be some sort of chemistry lab framework of glass tubes and beakers, except one of the beakers is a fifth of Glenfiddich. Can you imagine such a thing? I can. I may make a drawing of this idea later, using a Program.
You drove him away with your mean-ness, Pat!
Oh Pat, for shame! For shame, Pat!
Pat was so mean to Roast Beef over the years that Beef finally flew himself into outer space!
Yo, Lyle! What's up? I'm kinda busy right now.
Yo, Lyle! What's up? I'm kinda busy right now.
Now I ain't watchin' the news! News ain't on at three damn o'clock!
Special report I should see, huh. Well, nothin' doin'. Like I said, I'm pretty busy.
What? Oh, I'm startin' a comic strip. You ever heard of Google Image Searches?
Huh? Oh--it's about what would have happened if Washington and Lincoln had met!
Nah, I don't think it'll get in the papers. I have the guys cuss at one point.
Well, I'd have to rewrite the entire thing. I'd rather just let my art live or die as it is, you know?
So, like, the king used to have someone taste his food to make sure it wasn't poison, you know?
But what if the food taster knew to only eat a certain part that didn't have poison in it? What if it was a cahoots-type situation?
Man, that is way smart of an analogy. Kings were clever as HELL.
How do you even get to be king, anyway?
That's what the craziest dudes used to get sent to separate high school for!
Now I'm actually wonderin' if I even LIKE kings, man. I'll see you later, I got to take stock.
Where is Ray
In heaven
No! NO!
Uhh, hello? Who's calling?
L...Leon?
Man, I got to disagree. Just--
See, that's where you got me all wrong. Listen, Leon--
Serious as hell, brochicho! Come join my gym! They just gave me a free membership you can have!
Dude, I'll kick you down some sick Fila duds. This could be a thing, Beef!
Alright, here comes Leo Fontanette. He owns the Caddy dealership over in Pintado.
I know, isn't it weird? Everyone notices that!
Hey, Leo! How's the short game? You still considerin' suicide?
Almost there. Have Judi wearin' a kimono when she slides the tempura shrimp off the "Wok-Fitted Four-at-Once Submersible Stainless Steel Tempura Shrimp Skewer Rack."
No. You got to have Massimo notice that the Handheld Popcorn Salter ain't in its charger. That'll add depth to his character.
Dude, way too long. The Fully Automated Vesuvio Espresso Station has too many features to detail. It's flagship. Just have 'em sweat-butt bucking' next to the thing.
Connie! No, man! We got mad cash money to make! We signed that contract with Williams-Sonoma!
Boutiqua answered the door of the mansion. Prince Javier and Pinot were there in just shorts.
Just startin'. Not right, but close.
Sandy (female) opened the door. She held a delicate crystal Bellini coupe ($29). A man cut trees across the street. He would do, for now. She grabbed her tits.
Good product placement, but clunky. Hmmm...
Judi watched through the crack in the door as Inge, her Swedish au pair, snapped the top of a thigh-high stocking into place. She found herself overcome with the desire to inhale the natural fragrance of the tender white skin between her freshly bathed breasts.
Let's take Mrs. Williams-Sonoma on the forbidden journey she REALLY wants. Now even husbands gonna read this catalog. Ain't no talent like the one you got, Ray Smuckles.
R
A
Y
Hello?
What? Who is this?
What cows? What? What's this about?
Pepperidge Farm? What? Am I about to win free cookies?
Hey man, my little nephew really dug that you could come talk dirty at his birthday party.
That thing you said about the Elephant Man really made his day.
Oh hell no. Those kids are growin' up in a different world than the one we came up in, you know?
What, this? Yeah, it's just my new Rolex.
Oh, it has all this GPS and phone and camera and internet and stuff, but the coolest thing is that it generates a diary about me!
I can even have it write in the style of a famous author! Here, I'll print up a few samples for you.
Welcome to the BADASS GAMES!
Badass men do not mess around! They get down to business IMMEDIATELY!
Each of you take a place at one of the five tables when I say GO!
Your first challenge: BAKE A LOAF OF BREAD USING THE PROVIDED FLOUR, WATER, YEAST, AND SALT!
Nothing is more old-school than baking your own damn staff of life!
Téodor, I thought you knew how to cook? Your bread is hard and nasty. How long did you knead it for? A thousand minutes? A million?
Daaamn! What we got here, Cornelius?
Malloreddus?
That is /hard/. Cornelius, hands down.
I like their product! I wanted 'em to have a little walkin' around money!
Alright Beef, this is just between you and me, dig?
Well, when I was in my younger days, I made a lot of videos that I'm not too proud of.
Oh yeah, been meanin' to tell you. Gonna go fulfill my destiny down there.
Serious. Mom had a little burn on and dropped that my dad was Rodney Leonard Stubbs.
Heh! Yeah.
Dang, Beef. You are a total scholar of the Fight. You... wanna be my roadie?
Hey! What the hell you doin' in there! Todd?
Todd! How dare you have a terrible cocaine addiction at Philippe's birthday party!
Dammit! Don't say cocaine ideas near this kid! It's his BIRTHDAY, fool!
HEY!
Don't you do cocaine at ME, you son of a bitch!
Philippe is FIVE today! That is SPECIAL!
You stop snorting all that cocaine IMMEDIATELY!
I'm sorry Philippe. I couldn't catch him. Let's just go back and open your present.
SURPRIIISE! Todd actually WASN'T doing cocaine! Happy Birthday!
You have reached Raymond Smuckles. I regret that for personal reasons I must not ride in a car that smells like Awesome Blossoms. Please leave a message.
Dirty hands? Kits? Clubfoot? What?
Man you find a car that runs on "bio-filtered" Ravenswood zinfandel comin' directly outta my catheter, and then we are having this conversation. Zero-emissions car, zero-emissions man. Think big.
Dang, Beef! I can't eat this much jalapenos!
Yes well but this is just a bit silly now! I can't even see the dang nachos!
No, no, no! I ain't interested in no potato chips! I'm INTERESTED in why you would be so careless as to put so many jalapenos on here!
Oh, uh...I'm Ray, by the way.
Listen...could you help a brother out and tell me where exactly I am in terms of space and time?
Hey, T. All the brothers in the syndicate just chose what's gonna be they new 'thang for the year.
Well, Bensington Butters is gonna read original edition Nancy Drew during all his press conferences, and not answer any questions...
...AKKOLADE is havin' his mouth wide open at all times, and usin' a fake Monty Python picture-jaw to lip-synch with...
You ain't had to finish off every single bite, dude. That was your call.
Pretty much. But like I told you: my treat. Wasn't your idea.
My best friend's gettin' married, and
Thanks, Chaka.
...yeahhhh. But now that it's comin' so real, I'm startin' to think he's just gonna be less and less in my life.
yo dogg you around
yo dogg you around
yo dogg your around
i'm on ur komputer chattin' on ur
i was over at chaka's
not really dude
i been dissin on you way hard lately
chaka was helpin me figure out why
dude did you just sit on a genius ! ?
oh ha whatever
THAT WOULD ACTUALLY BE A VERY COMPLICATED CLIENT
E8·[
oh yeah right sorry
UGH dude don't
maybe just a dap and a brew?
crunchy stellas?
I HANDLED this!
Hey Waterbury! I'm writin' a musical! Can you give me some feedback?
Alright. The idea is that there's this guy who's training to eat the biggest steak in the world... But he has doubts, you know?
It's called Steak/On. You think that's a good title?
Huh, optimism! I like that!
Optimism! Maybe he decides to have optimism!
Uh, Beef? Did y-you use cash or credit card for this place?
Man, let's get outta here!
I can't believe you made us take this stanky sheet! What are we gonna DO with it?!
What if someone finds it?! They could test for my DNA!
Yeah, it was! Whole lot better than learnin' to understand Spanish!
Oh! Yeah! And I'd trade it all in a minute to have been President of the Equation of the Week club!
I'm mixin' 7 & 7's, dude! You want one too, right?
Hey, let's call that new sandwich place downtown! Neutrino's? Terry says they do a really long Reuben. Like a foot.
We'll get Ruffles, turn on some music! Here, here's your 7 & 7.
Careful, dogg. That drink's delicious, but it ain't permanent. Here, take mine while I mix up another.
Fine, then! Don't be any help at all! BE completely a dick!
Yo Beef! Hey, man. Yo: did I, like, completely leave my medallion in the Volvo?
Phew! Oh, good. Good, man. RELIEF. Jesus.
Listen, would you do me a big favor and put it around your neck for safekeeping?
No, I'd really feel better if you wore it. It might fall out if you put it in your pocket.
Cool. Thanks, man. You got it around your neck now?
Feels kinda nice, huh? Yeah, it's got a real good weight to it!
Heh! Yeah, it IS kind of like there's a party around your neck, and everyone within reason is invited!
I...hold on, what?
Okay, uh huh, right. I, uh...Ray loves you too.
Uh, no, I guess we don't say it enough.
Well, that's the thing. I think promising to say it every day is kind of too much, you know?
It would be like if the Queen woke you up every morning. Too Special.
I have a friend who is quite skilled in Internet ways. You may have heard of him. His name is Roast Beef. In some circles he is known as The Quiet Digressor.
From his computer, he can make the keys of any keyboard in the world punch in and out though there be no hands nearby.
Therefore it needs no saying that he will make small work of finding the computer you are avoiding in Mombasa...
...and he will MAKE it PayPal me that twenty-five dollars LIKE A PLAYER PIANO! AND MORE!
Hey Beef! Can you find any computer on the Internet just from an email you got?
The hell Africa should have all the hottest e-mail scammers. That title should be ours, dude. Come over.
Dang, this place looks fancy!
Come on guys--- Fanciest Dinner In The World! My treat! I'm serious!
Daaamn! I'm gettin' me some Scallops Flambé and crackin' us some Moët!
Heyyyy, who invited Pat?
I'm serious. Who?
Naturally, you need to diversify your product line a bit. Create a price-point spectrum.
"ChatSacks," as I'm calling them, will come in a dual-ball base model.
But what about the dude who wants his phone to have three balls?
I give you...the ChatSack Triple-Play.
"Can't talk now, bro. I'm three-ballin'."
Of course, it doesn't stop there. We need to think of our platinum clientele. The creme de la creme.
Interestingly, no. At this level, the market demands non-linear value. We go down to a single ball.
I give you...Solo, by ChatSack with Karl Lagerfeld.
THANK! YOU! PHILIPPE! THIS! IS A GREAT! DAY! FOR AMERICA!
Alright Beef! Pull up alongside me now!
We lookin' for an old gray van, no plates! I got Mr. Bear and Lyle headin' south on Route 38, so you try north!
What? No, I don't want to buy no damn piano! Do you know what time it is?! Don't call here--
So what if I am?
Hmmm. How much you gettin' for a piano these days, anyway?
Sheesh! This is long! Mind if I sign it now and read it later?
Cool! And not even a down payment!
Hey Vlad! You know anything about this club called Haunches?
Is it a pretty good club?
Alright! Alright Already! Is this place any good?!
Roast Beef will fine what I am about to say very ... enlightening.
In 1975, scientists working at Harvard University created a man who had no chance of making it in this world. Hence, Roast Beef.
I am the son of Dr. John Worhabus, the prominent entomologist from whose collection most of Roast Beef's DNA was harvested.
Being the same age, I was recruited to be his peer and observe him as he, "grew up."
Our experiment's funding has not been renewed. Molly, a voice actress from West Hollywood, has been a valuable asset, and may keep her gemstone. We will debrief Roast Beef out back in the Buick.
Thanks, everyone. You'll find a bowl of T-Mobile gift certificates in the vestibule as you exit.
Lord Absinthe, huh? That's a pretty cool goth name! I guess I got to get me one now too, huh?
I'ma be... I'ma be...
The Godfather of Souls!
Gothic dance!
Gothic dance!
Every-body Gothic dance!
Alright, so I'll write a monthly column about men's groomin' tips for our magazine.
Actually, I was thinkin' more old school know-how. Like, how to properly clean your belly button. Who ever really got taught?
I got no idea. I ain't even looked inside this bad boy since I can remember.
Man, there is some gunk in here! It's all like dried and stuff!
Dang, this feels good... It's like... Q-Tip good...
Ow! OWWW! Damn, that stings!
Don't yell at me! You think I think this is right? Are you CRAZY?!
Jesus Christ, Tina! Shut up and call a doctor! LOOK AT ME!
It recently came to our attention that Achewood is not handicap-accessible!
We were like "WHAT say WHAT?! Hold on, nigga!"
DAAAAAAMN!
*It's like we care or something!*
Plus if blind people click on our link, we now have invisible jokes!
Aight, doggy D. I got us a sample page from the Williams-Sonoma catalog. Think you can whip up some hot-ass love fiction around this junk?
I... dude! You can't end this here! I got a hot nut on loan from Hell! Write the rest! NOW!
Look, I'll pay you sixty bucks. Total sideline. Just... write down exactly what happened at that mansion.
Remember when we were kids, and we could spend all day just jumpin' our bikes? Totally catchin' some air, biggest thrill in the world...
Heh! I don't think you EVER went off a jump without crackin' your cashews!
Whoah! No thanks!
Hey! Cool it!
Hey BEEF! You landed on your NUTS again! How come?
Hey hey! Looks like we finally found downtown!
Oh! Right--
Say, this place looks good! Pull over, Beef!
Sheesh. Remember just watchin' Mr. Wizard? I never gave diabetes a thought back then. But now, man. But now.
But I'm French! French dudes can get away with that stuff! It shouldn't be a problem!
You're sayin' I park like a bitch! I ain't park like a bitch! Retract, dude! Retract.
Huh?! Man, this is totally outta left field! I'm goin', "What?"
Plus, your job is to watch porno all day!
Oh, so you don't like it?
Dude, of course you're gonna have your wedding and reception at my digs! Are you crazy? It's gonna save you twenty dillion clams! My Friday party got much of the infrastructure anyhow, and plus I expense it all for Prime Time!
Alright men, the correct answer was C, the ZZ Top Eliminator.
As you know, the Eliminator was the only choice that fit the following four Badass car categories:
Now, for your next challenge, we have nature's ultimate litmus test.
Each of you must approach him. If he snarls and growls, he considers you a chump.
Doc! Doc! I think he's wakin' up! His hands are movin'!
I'm cookin' us up some salami sandwiches, cooked up real good!
In case we ain't got enough skeleton bones to eat down at the graveyard! Duh!
Oh, and I'm gonna bring some Sunny D in case there ain't enough blood to go 'round.
Hey, that's Godfather of SOULS to you!
Heh heh!
A doo-da doo-da doo-da do!
Say, Pat? Ray here. Shutup shutup. You got a number for that Nice Pete character?
Dude, let me hit that with a little of this new Doctor Lunatic "Assisted Suicide" habanero sauce I just got!
Mouth Mace! Daaamn! Maybe it's time we got into the hot sauce game! All you need is the right marketing, Beef. Seriously.
Yeah! Yeah! Lots of hot sauces say they're extreme, but none really take you outside of your moral comfort zone!
No.
I guess you are becoming a man now, Little Nephew. My, where do the years go.
Now, you have to understand, getting one's Bone on is a big responsibility!
Are you sure you're ready?
Never mind cologne! have you got a jimmy hat?
Good! Now...you know how to put the jimmy onto your wee-wee, right?
What? No, I don't want to buy no damn piano! Do you know what time it is?! Don't call here-
So what if I am?
Hmmm. How much you gettin' for a piano these days, anyway?
Sheesh! This is long! Mind if I sign it now and read it later?
Cool! And not even a down payment!
Hoo-oooo!
Boss kaleidoscope, Beef!
Ha ha!
With that coonskin cap on, you look like you're 69ing with the dudes from ABBA!
Actually, they can.
It's called the Isosceles Lock.
Invented by the dudes from ABBA, the Isosceles Lock has revolutionized...
Beef, tell me what comes to mind when you think of me. First thing. Be honest. Go. Say it. Now.
Right! Exactly! But lately I been... I don't know anymore, man! I...it's like somethin's changed with me!
Bubble-butt Dominicas, jiggly Cuban mamacitas in painted-on tights...it's like I seen it all before, man! I get no radish!
Dude...you a breast man, Beef?
Recumbent Tai-Chi, huh. I got a special move I want to discuss with you.
Do it when his eyes are closed? Where's the honor in that?
Alright, Leander! You're tall! Come help me out.
I... AM... RUUUDE!
Can't we prank Cathy TOMORROW? I'm tired.
All right. But I ain't got a lotta firepower.
Hello- Cathy?
Now I gently push you back against the pillows. I pull you close and breathe you in. Your scent is delicious.
Cathy... Cathy...have my retarded baby
Maybe because that's his girlfriend eatin' sandwiches on your webcam, Vlad.
Damn. He's probably on his way to get her outta there right now. Total Lloyd Dobler-style, all holding his wireless laptop over his head,
Internet Explorer all displaying job listings from Monster.com...
Oh, what the hell.
Dear Leon Sumbitches,
Sure, I'll help you with your Africa-America money transfer. I've actually been known to have a little money of my own, so I am familiar with the way cash seems and behaves.
Just to keep things moving, I transfered $5,000 to an account I opened in your name at the Bank of Mombasa. Use it to cover any fees which may arise.
I hope we can meet soon and chat about all this. Can you fly to America, ideally California? We have these things called burritos out here, they are an ideal foodstuff and I want to open a chain of burrito restaurants in your country. Of course.
Ideally I would just send you the money to open the burrito chain and then play a silent partner role, but if you want the security of my handshake, I suggest we meet.
I suggest this.
Write soon, I am not a sleepy man so I will be awake. In Christ, Ray Smuckles, America.
Sorry, man! That chochicha had some hangin' naturals!
Hee hee!
I bet her name was Michelle!
I BET her name was Michelle, dude!
Huh? Hold on, WHAT?
Tiny cervical mucus hat. Monopoly meets Fear Factor. Today, I am a genius.
E-mail that totally good question to me. You are completely smart to ask that. Next?
E-mail or text me that question. I ain't on IM lately, some Finnish guy thinks I'm his cousin. Next?
With extreme prejudice! High-pressure lemon juice, private white vans, de-federalized BMX black ops riders. The best of the best. You've touched a nerve, journalist!
Catullus was the first poet who ever got his Bone on, little man!
Daaamn! Seven AM and nobody around for omelettes! Maybe I'll just burn one and hit the hay.
Kids, always sleep stoned!
Man, when was the last time I was on eBay?! I'm craaazy for that shit!
Dude, it sucks how they organize this.
Here--let's try somethin'.
Yeah, I had a good little chat with Pat yesterday. Let him know we're all cool with him bein' gay and stuff.
Nah, don't worry about it. He's still kind of weird about certain basic aspects of the whole thing.
I'm thinking of gettin' him a little sedan or something, you know, maybe in a week or two.
Man, he's driving like a 1979 Mustang with politics bumper stickers! Ain't no fresh young daddy gonna spring into that thing.
I know the photo shoot you're thinkin' of--that one where both dudes have those yellow suede workboots? --but in reality the Wrangler is a totally horrible car. Thing handles like a damn keg.
I got this theory that all gay dudes secretly want practical four-door sedans. This is my way of sayin' to Pat, "Hey, man. We ain't need no frontin' around here. Just be you."
You'd be surprised, T. Gay guys think like in an instant.
Next time you're over I'll show you my video of these secret soccer trials they ran on gay dudes back in the 70s. These guys make Pele look like a donkey with a helmet.
Little Nephew What in HELL are you wearin'?!
What's... where's... how do I even begin to describe your pants/underwear situation?!
You couldn't wear your pants any lower, so you made pants for each leg! SAY IT!
How come you kids are so GOD DAMNED stupid and just do the stupidest thing possible every SINGLE SECOND OF THE GOD DAMNED DAY!
Yes? Hello?
TODD?! What the damn hell you doin' callin' me on the telephone! You in rehab! You can't use no damn phone! What if you order crack?
You break the hell back IN to that place!
Don't you threaten me! I was doin' you a favor!
Hell yes the leeches were part of that favor!
I'm sorry. My...uh... my colleague is a terrible man.
You get back in rehab and you get a leech on you! Immediately, Todd! I'm not kidding! I had to pay for those babies up front!
Dude made me a fortune on Wall Street last year.
Candle at both ends, though. Harsh.
Oh, snap! Bensington Butters just signed KC 185-Loot! I was all hyped to land them on Prime Time! DAMN him!
Look, that's Butters, on the left. Look how proud he is of his eyes.
Did you know that he has it in his contract that you have to look into his eyes?
Huh. You might be right.
At first, yeah. It was hard to come to where I'm at now. Lots of long walks, lots of late-night calls. But I'm resigned to it. I'm at peace with this process.
Look at it this way. If you think about it, what was the worst aspect of the 1980s?
Exactly. So, like, hair is retro... childish, in a way. Havin' hair at our age is like wearin' three Swatches and poppin' a boner at your grandma's house.
I had a good run, Beef. I'll always remember it. But hair is like Johnny Cash— It only exists to let you know you're dyin'.
Pat! Me and the rest of the boys are pitchin' in and gettin' Roast Beef and Molly a forty-eight state minigolf RV tour for their honeymoon!
Uh...you can sponsor their Chain of Behavior ID cards. Three saw-bucks each.
Well, there was this thing at minigolf courses where doo-wop guidos* and sniffle-tip cholos** couldn't behave, and used the nice metal putters to bang on the mini-golf landscape as well as each other.
That's why when you go to play THESE days, they give you some insurance policy-friendly rubber putter with no damn feel. Drives me mad.
...present your Chain of Behavior card at any course, though, and you can use a real putter.
Way easy. You just play a round at your local without dumpin' a Slurpee down the ramp in front of the windmill, or squeezin' a hoochie mama's box through her pants while near a family, and you're in.
Game's been ruined too long by hickety-hi dip wiggers and their muffin toppin' AWOL babysitter chicacitas, you ask me.
You said WHAT to Molly?
Whoah. Not cool, Beef.
Yeah, flowers go without sayin'. But seriously, dogg, you're in card territory.
Roast Beef! You got to join our all-stoned slow pitch softball team!
I know that! Don't act like I don't know that! You think I just fell off the not knowin' you boat yesterday?
Don't do a grody mouth! I'm serious! I want everyone to be happy and cook hot dogs and hit! The hell you should flap your boys in my face!
I...of course! Man, you act like I don't even know you.
Hah! Quiz me, Biz!
HAH! A hard boiled egg stuck with toothpicks, olives on the end of the toothpicks! Gin... to cover!
Blue curacao with Styrofoam peanuts! Ha ha!
Whoo boy! Tequila while you watchin' the SPICE channel! And you gotta be...
Tina?! What ... ?
Yeah, exactly what I'm thinkin'!
Where'd you pick up this piece of work?!
Was some gay magician havin' a garage sale?
Or did your hands meet in the dumpster behind Olive garden! Scram!
You found what, Téodor?
Naw, Man! I don't use no chumpy Yahoo personals. Talk about your people who eat nachos at every meal!
Of COURSE I think that people who use Yahoo Personals eat nachos at each meal. Hypocrite?! Hey, that was my BIRTHDAY, asshole!
Hold on now. This ad has a PICTURE of me? Doin' what?
"It looks like I'm bragging." Huh. Thanks, T. Say, are you all split on green? Is this some kind of low shenanigan?
Aw man! Some internet guy is saying that I like to pour wine along my pecker! I HATE days like today.
Say, man! Why not set this stuff to a hip-hop beat!
I...I think I did, dude! Daaamn! Look at this man!
uh-pfuh uh-pssssh uh-pfuh uh-pssssh
Oh, yeah. James Bond is the 'mackinest.
Heh! There was even this one movie where James Bond went to the moon and got his Sperm on!
'Course, they never show James Bond actually mackin'. He's way too classy for that.
He's got a pen that's actually a time bomb!
It's just nerves, dogg! Get on out that stage and be born ANEW!
I...I ain't really sure.
Can...um, do you have a phone we can use? We might be lost.
Oh, okay. Thanks, man.
Whew. Yeah, yeah. Right. Exactly. Listen, you got like e-mail access or anything?
I guess it's like that old joke, "I don't know if I can play the piano, 'cause I've never tried!"
I had just never tried!
You know, Roast Beef, you might actually be this good at something yourself!
Why, I bet you're this good at computer programmin'! Better, even!
Okay, if you could be in the Guinness Book of World Records for one thing, what would it be?
I'll set that up if you're serious.
No teenage boy has ever done anything wise near a lake.
It's my safest course of action.
Oh, couple hours. I'll make him some Spaghetti's Dad tonight. It's our little ritual - let's him know he's off the hook.
A steak.
There's no spaghetti.
Téodor, when you talk that way, I feel like I'm sitting on the nozzle of a big metal tank that says YALE.
i got to do this ...
Téodor ... would want it ... this waaaay.
Beef! What it is!
You need companionship, dude! You been one sad mister since Molly left.
Oh no, Weldon is stayin' with you. I got all his favorite toys and stuff right here, plus instructions. I gotta run. Bye. I gotta go. Call me.
Hey Téodor! You get that homemade salsa I FedEx'd you?
Aw, ain't no thang! Call me back after you try it, I want to know if I used too much cilantro.
Hey Roast Beef! Who do you think does the best somersault, you or m---
Dang, man! A Jehovah's Witness! Let me get the hose.
Let's just say there's a cumshot at my house, and I didn't put it there.
On the back of the couch. Unmistakable. About one foot up.
Yeah, I get that at least once in this world someone had some delight for once. I know that ain't a common thing. But on my couch, dude. Couldn't someone have had some delight into an old refried beans can?
I'm eatin' refried beans for lunch, that's why. How 'bout you?
Oh, I'm sorry. I know. Just a bad start to the day, is all. Cumshot. Sofa. Boom. Martha Stewart ain't chimin' in on that one.
Exactly. You ain't havin' nobody over if there's a damn cumshot.
Dang, Lyle! You openin' up a taco stand?
Daaamn, no operating costs! I like your model!
You know, I been meanin' to diversify my portfolio lately. I like to play the restaurant industry ... you want to talk?
Yeah ... yeah, I think I do.
You know what the problem is with taco stands? Trust. I see a taco stand, I'm thinkin bad thoughts. I'm thinking', I will get an oral disease or else get the papillomavirus.
Ask yourself, what would really set a taco stand apart from the rest? If the public could know that they were eating a safe, clean taco! That's all there is to it!
What it is, Lyle! You into some Tequila? I also got some tasty sangria that Pat brought over!
You know, when somebody puts fruits and stuff in red wine! It's a mexican thing. It represents the blood of Christ or something.
Heh! Yeah. Religion, man. That is some messed-up stuff.
You mean Spike? Naw, man. He was just some ugly white dude from L.A.
Nuh-uh, man. I think he just had a little Datsun where the seat folded down.
Pat, man! I compost now! I'm just like you!
I throw leftovers on the ground, man! In a little wire cage!
Dude, I put my extra cheese and nasty hard tortillas in an area. They get all rotty. A fly has a baby. Dirt is born.
Share this moment with me.
We talkin' 'bout makin' dirt here, Pat! Dirt ain't exactly nature's choosiest substance when it comes to havin' recently been other stuff!
STUFF IS ON THE GROUND IN MY YARD! HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT, SUCKER!
DO YOU WANT TO SAY HI?
HEY, LOUSY HOMEMADE DIRT! PAT IS ON THE PHONE!
DO CORRECT DIRT ACTIVITIES! HAVE A WORM WITH A YARN HAT POKE OUT AND PURCHASE ANTI-WORM CREDITS!
Now you got me yellin' in front of my little baby dirt!
How's a precious tomato plant supposed to thrive in this hated-at dirt, Pat?!
YOU know you got to talk gentle to tiny plants to help them grow!
Why you think they make that helicopter in Iowa what recites People Magazine at 500 feet?
Dear Diary,
I turned a poorly thought-out phone call into a great idea: organic bio-copters that soothe ultra-local micro-crops with a "dusting" touch of pleasant topics! Imagine how much people will pay for potatoes that are as "socially aware" as they are!"
So what do you think, Beef? Is it a pretty good contract?
But check it out, Beef! Red limo!
three... two...
Uncle Culpepper! How was your trip? It's good to see you! Come in!
Thank you, Uncle Culpepper!
You must be hungry! What can I get us to eat? Come inside!
Consider it done! Mind if we add olives and mushrooms?
Ok, good! OH, let me fix us a drink first!
Come on, Pat! Focus!
Well, where was it?
Hey! The only Bell around here is over in Threadville!
Threadville...white mud...the old limestone quarry!
Hi. Specialty MeatCo? Yeah, it's Mr. Red. Password 0509971
Yeah, hi. I need you to set me up for Thanksgiving.
Well, my tastes are pretty traditional, but a plain old turkey just ain't that... interesting, you know? Alternative lifestyle turkeys, huh? Talk to me.
Nah, I ain't wanna eat anything that was a coprophiliac. We been through this. What other kind of turkeys you got?
Swinger? Nah. Transgender? No. A turkey that believed in voodoo? Better not. You got anything else?
A gay turtle with a Prince Albert.
I was thinkin' more along the lines of a prime rib. You got maybe a bi-curious 7-bone?
Most interesting. Plump, soft white flesh of vanilla and melon yields as a firm hand of chocolate and clove gently pulls the tropical decolletage from her shoulders...it's a forbidden combination, culminating in an explosion of heat and musk.
Erotic wine tasting, dude. I'm in a club. Here, try this one...describe it, but lay on teh sekksy with a trowel.
Daaamn. Look at this ad here, Beef. The strongest guy in the area says he'll come to your house and pick you up by your junk. One-handed.
Doors of perception, life-affirming, challenging boundaries, that kind of stuff.
If you think about it, it just makes a ton of sense.
Downtown, huh. Daylight?
Yeah, yeah, of course. I think I got my best ones out on loan though.
Here, let's take a look.
Well, he ain much to look at but he's yours.
Got the harness on right? You breathe okay?
Alright, man. Just play it safe, you know?
Well, uh...you know how you feel when you see a lady?
Right, right. Well, when Pat sees a lady, he kinows he's not ever going to marry her.
Alright Beef, now open your eyes!
It's a '65 Ford Galaxie, just like you always talkin' about!
Me?! This car's for you, Beef!
Go on! Get in!
Mom took my kit to a company that has a computer-guided cutting tool! It's EXACTLY like the Ferrari from Weird Science!
Where's yours, Beef?
Hmmm...how about we call ourselves "Doggz 2 Tha Bone?"
Doggz 2 Tha *Bizzone*...hmm... yeah! I kinda like that!
*Doggz 2 Tha Bizzone!*
Hey mom, guess what! Roast Beef and I finally thought up a name for our rap company!
What? You thought of a name for it too? Come on, mom! No you didn't!
Why are you making fun of me, mom?
HEY! Who put a hair on my dang nachos?
I really wanted to eat these!
What?
How come?
Well, okay, but there's still a hair in my nachos.
Oh, hey Pat! What's cookin?
Playboy is actually pretty tame, I think that even grandparents--
Dude! Waldenbooks keeps their extra Playboys in a little cabinet right by the entrance! You just slide open the door and walk out with one rolled up in your hand!
If you get caught with no receipt, and you ain't in the shop, there's nothing they can do!
Proof ex facto!
Hurry dude! The guy's gonna look over here!
Crap, dude! He's comin'! Run! Just grab one and RUN!
We were hell of sad we had no manes, dogg! Our ancestors did!
Heh!
"Dear Mr. Williams, thanks for settin' me straight. It was a real honor to take a class from the master."
Ancient player like him gonna dig on a young dude offerin' some tie-tac-and-wingtip respect. Fogeys CRAVE respect. They sit up late and WANT it.
"Sir, I have an honorable idea."
"You and me, on a stage, compete to write the finest lesbian erotica of all time. Whoever wins becomes or already is the Founder of Williams Sonoma."
"So that no one knows who is who during the competition, it's essential that we both wear identical elephant costumes."
"Text me if you accept this. My cell number is..."
Ahem... everybody, about a year ago I wrote this speech for my oldest friend Roast Beef. I tucked it away in my coat just for tonight.
Ahem... my boy Roast Beef is a crazy man with a long penis
Uh... it's like... Beef... Beef is a good guy. A GOOD guy. Not the best, but then, you don't want that, because if he WAS he'd probably commit suicide in such a way that doctors could harvest all his organs and his skin.
You... you know. Like, planned, with a note. Like that genius kid in the New Yorker article a little while back. I read part of it in Beef's bathroom once. Hella long. Beef is real, REAL smart.
In closing, I guess that's why he's marryin' you, Molly. So he'll have someone to pick up the magazines off the bathroom floor! Just kiddin', girl. Much love to you two. Thank you.
SHIT!
Oh, just tryin' to get back in the game.
Ultra-realistic mannequins. My portfolio. I'm thinkin' of investin' in this company, so they sent me some samples.
What's that, Roast Beef? I can barely hear you! Phone's crappin' out!
Me and this phone go way back, Beef! You know that! Now what were you ---
What? Waterbury? That you?
...So like it ain't bad enough that Little Nephew got himself the Stone Cold F Grade in History this quarter...But now he's fallin' in with that damn Goth crowd!
Yeah, all with the date and time stamp still showin' 'cause she couldn't figure out how to work her Nikon!
No sir, not exactly the witching hour.
What's she doin' these days, anyway? Maybe I can use her as an example of how Goths don't succeed in the world.
A violin, dude. Hold on.
...there. Done.
It's my new therapy I been goin' to. Every time I feel insecure about something', I teach myself to draw a really high-quality picture of it.
Exactly, dogg. It is real straightforward stuff. I ain't into those therapies where they have you memorize random numbers and shit.
Might as well, dude. That stuff don't hurt me no more.
Alright Beef, let's scam this guy back into the stone age. Start hackin', I'ma get some Stellas.
I ain't look the damn guy up! He's usin' a FAKE NAME, dude! "Leon Sumbitches"? Come on.
Thanks for this, Doc. I just wasn't sure I'd ever have the chance, you know?
Children are pretty good, you know.
Whew! Ok, yeah. Here we go!
Daaamn! Man, this is special!
Oh! Yeah! Thanks for remindin' me.
I brough a little hat for it. It's in my overnight bag there on the -
But I - yeah, I guess you're right. This is still gonna make a killer Christmas card, though!
Little Nephew! What in the HELL are you wearin'?!
What's...where's...how do I even begin to describe your pants/underwear situation?!
You couldn't wear your pants any lower, so you made tiny pants for each leg! SAY IT!
How come you kids are so GOD DAMNED stupid and just do the stupidest ting possible every SINGLE SECOND OF THE GOD DAMNED DAY!
Well, Téodor, as I'm sure you remember the Todd account has fallen through.
As such, we are taking some cost-cutting measures. I've crossed the following items off of our budget:
Ahem! One: cancel all magazine subscriptions, including AdWeek, Ad Review and Maxim.
Téodor, I really don't---
Dick Dale's hands are so strong he could play the Golden Gate bridge like a harp
Are there any women named Derek I wonder
NO I WASN - Téodor! Where am I?! What's going on?
Got to get my Lovely Twelve, hoss. That's just the way this one honest man plays the game.
Au contraire, talkin' Pat. Look at it this way...
For twelve hours my ass ain't smokin', slippin' down gold Johnny Blues, dry-steamin*, grufflin' the popper sampler at Burger Crater, or takin' in impure ideas through the eyes.
If you think about it, bein' in bed as long as possible is the healthiest thing I do each day.
Look, dude. I pay my bills. I ain't got pregnancies all over town. Where you get off actin' like I got to get up at six AM and eat a damn garbanzo bean?
In fact, you know what? Screw you and all the rest of you self-righteous, "I-get-up-early" types! "Oooh, look at meeeee. I'm so raaaad. I know what the gaaaarbagemen look like."
All my life I been gettin' shit for the hours I keep. I ain't understand why gettin' up so early is so goddamned great.
Yeah, I get that folks leave for work at seven 'cause we ain't used to have light bulbs at night, but it's been like a hundred damn years.
I don't know, Pat. Maybe I'm progressive, but maybe also you're old-fashioned, like all knowin' what it looks like for a horse to go to the bathroom start-to-finish. I ain't sure, but I'm almost sure, and the man who invented the future barely even had that.
Yo Connie! What's with the funny hat? You goin' outside to bug people?
Heh...old people. They cherish *everything.*
So tell me about prison life, Pat!
Who's your cell mate? Is he alright?
It's hard, Pat! You cold shot a man!
It ain't like you just fucked up your recycling!
_Pat!_ I mean, _really!_
Don't you care at all how he's doin?
You've known him since small times!
BMX bikes, man!
Scammin' each other for Capri Suns!
_Gettin' busted for drawin' Ramona Quimby doin' the Principal!_
So where you from, Waterbury?
You know, people always say that.
No, I mean you might be from like Trembly-on-Kent, but you say London because you think that's the only place in England I've heard of!
I just think it might be polite if you told people you were from a place they hadn't heard of, you know?
Let's make you kind of dangerous, like an ex-007 in hiding!
Huh. Good point. Okay, be from London.
Everybody Dance...
Ass In Your Pants,
EVERYBODY DANCE
NOW!
Whew! did we nail that one?! Did we?
Chick don't need you figurin' that out for her. She's ten steps ahead of you. Chicks are the chess of deucin'. Courtesy flushese, lipstick lighters, crap gaskets, digital canary--
That's when they caulk the gap between the bowl and the seat with wet TP to create a perfect seal.
Nah. She presses one nostril shut the whole time, then uses the fresh nostril to gauge things at the end. Like a pregnancy test.
'Cause they care how their shit smells.
We ain't gonna see much of America at one mile an hour, Beef!
Speed up!
You got 425 horsepower under that foot of yours!
So stand on it, Agnes!
I tell you, one thing I cannot abide is guys with a tattoo on their ass cheek. I gotta draw the line. Back me up, Beef.
I can't believe you moved out on Grandma K, dude. Who's gonna take care of her?
Oh man, don't start in with Samuel H. Invisible.
So, did you get to spend much time with dad growing up?
How'd...how did you know you were related?
It is an art, isn't it!
You catch anything else? Any details about him? What about his car?
About a pound.
Hey Beef, you had dinner yet?
Yeah, me too. Couple tacos
Alright. Talk to you later, dogg
Here's the thing. Stephen Hawking couldn't fight his way outta a paper bag, right?
And he only talks outta a computer?
Dolly to the dollhouse. The mole has left the mountain. There are seven pieces of rice. Oh me oh my. Do you copy.
Hey, who left this nice tasseled loafer out here in the yard?!
This was gonna get sprinklered on if I didn't find it!
Looks like a pretty expensive shoe ...
Whoah, was that a little noise?!
DAAAAAMN, PEOPLE
RAAAAAY
THE DUDE HAS ICKY MOVES
HE SKATES THE DREAMS OF THE CHILDREN WHO HAVE NO ONE TO SPEAK FOR THEM
Dang but does it smell like simmered-up pinto beans in this place.
Oh! Lyle! You sittin' in the sink! Why come?
You need soap to take a bath, not just whiskey!
Oh, this? Diabetes, man! Gonna beat the D in oh-three-plus-three!
Turns out roller skatin' is the best type of exercise there is!
If it's fried to a crunch, I can't have a bunch!
Oh god oh shit oh no! Fuck man why they got to do a thing?!
Fuck you for thinking of my property as your whore!
Fuck you for being some hot dumbass employed by a cell phone company! And fuck your calculated tight black pants!
YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU WANT TO BE NINE-TEEN? GO AHEAD!
YOU JUST STAY THE *FUCK* OUT OF EVERYBODY'S FACE UNTIL YOU GOT THE FUCKIN' JUICE TO GET A JOB WHERE THEY GIVE YOU A *CHAIR*!
Holy Crap! Bensington Butters just launched a premium clothing label, entered treatment for painkiller addiction, AND made the Al Qaeda death list!
That flashy son of a bitch!
He's makin' his move, is what he's doin'. He's goin' all-in, and darin' the other brothers in the syndicate to step to his game.
Well Bensington, I call you. I know your darkest secret.
You like Hanna-Barbera better than Disney.
Cool, Todd. Let's go someplace we can chat.
So... I'm glad you're not bleeding. Just got a nasty cocaine thump on your chest?
Yeah, uh, just get us started. Thanks Jai.
Uh, if you could just print our Fiesta Names on the reciept, I'd appreciate that, Jai. We can look at them in the car.
Daaamn, T! Whatchu lookin' at there?
Huh! How's it work?
Check it, they got a "random" button! Fortune favors the brave, dogg!
Damn, man. Can you stop this? It's, like, startin' to make me had bad impressions of you.
Dude, come on! Close it!
Téodor? No, ain't seen him lately. We kinda need a little distance right now.
Hard to explain. You . . . you ever snoop around in your parents' room and find, like, soft-focus boudoir pics of your mom wearin' red silk gloves and hella Aqua Net?
Exactly. I saw somethin' my brain didn't have a spot for and it was like gettin' bit on the stomach by a horse.
Naw, but Fuck You for actin' like I'm gonna solve all the world's problems with my car!
So long, soldier.
Man, I hate this logo!
I ain't wear aviators and have chemistry people hair!
Wrong, wrong, wrong.
When we say "perfect," we mean, like, Swiss, you know?
Picture a perfect Swiss man sitting in his cubic black leather armchair, the crisp click of his lighter as he flames an unforgivingly precise jay--
Shame on you for thinking the demographic is inflexible! Sometimes the product creates the consumer, T!
Yeah, and get iced by Mexican yeyo boys? No thanks, fool!
Yo mama so crass, she smokes a cigar and eats shrimp cocktail on the bus!
Yo mama so grouchy, she slaps the doorknob before she turns it!
Yo mama's on the no fly list 'cause she got two hook feet and the croup!
Yo mama's so poor, Somalia sent her a cup of water with plastic wrap over the top!
Here you go, T! Merry Christmas. Sorry I didn't get this to you on the big day.
It's been crazy.
Heh! Yeahhhhh. Just got it back from the printer.
Be sure to tell me what you think. I don't even know if this was the right thing to do.
aww yeah Vidal Sassoon do it to me one more time
yeah! what's up?
Count me out, T!
I chartered a special flight home with Todd!
Yeah! I felt like burnin' one in my hot tub and listening to the Police! I miss doin' that! Doesn't that sound great? Scampi and lamb burgers on the grill?
Yeah, I'm callin' to register for the 2006 Great Outdoor Fight.
What?
Qualifyin' rounds be damned. I'm BOC.
1973. Rodney Leonard Stubbs. I'm his son.
Hell yes I can prove it. You name the place. I call you or your local representative out.
Okay, hold on. I gotta grab a pen.
Hey, sorry 'bout that. Yeah. Ramada Inn, by the airport, room 215. Thanks.
Oh, whose ass am I kicking? Yours, or another guy?
Seriously? Envelópe Martinez? Fight Champion 1997? Nice!
Alright, thanks Aaron.
Envelópe! It's Ray, across the street!
Listen, man! You know how I agreed to stop callin' the police over your animatronic nativity scene?
Yeah, I got a favor.
It's like, you shouldn't eat an animal unless you're capable of killin' it with your own hands.
Way much people are signin' up for this class.
FOOD CHAIN! GET USED TO IT!
...I shouldn't have yelled at him. That was uncalled for.
No, man. We shavin' our heads and curbin' a mussel.
Hey little guy, you seen Téodor?
I got issues with a dish I'm makin'.
My tuna tartare came out all ill. I can't tell what the problem is.
No, man. I didn't.
Damn, that's a good idea.
Pretty slow, Todd.
Well, yeah, but you won't be in the Mile High Club.
Well, first of all you got to have sexual relations! You can't get in alone!
Look, Todd...I don't usually do this, but...I've got a sexy video you can watch. How about that?
Well, not just by watchin'...I mean, you got to do the deed, of course.
Man, the things I do for this club.
You're damn right I said I rocked a whiskey dick all night!
Sssip
The HELL that's what it means! YOU'RE a MORON!
Huh?!
It means I drank so much whiskey that I had my game pipe up until I fell asleep! I was rad and walkin'! What the hell's it mean to YOU?!
That's pathetic. You talkin' 'bout Kahlua cock or somethin'. Sapporo schlong. If Jack Daniel's makes you anything less than the man with abilities in his pants, then I don't even want to know you.
Well would you look at that! They discovered that Pluto is just a pissed-off piece of snow! Ain't no planet at all!
Beef!
How's it going with YOU, Mr. Hurlin' in the Bathroom?
Could I hear it through the door? They practically evacuated the building! You sounded like Chewbacca tryin' to lose weight for the prom!
Seriously, Beef, if movin' in with that broad is gonna burn you on the molars, you gotta pull the brake. Sickin' up breakfast is nature's way of telling you to reconsider your situation!
You're sellin' yourself toupees. Let's go hit the Smoke.
Man, we got to get some thinner toilet paper up at this place!
Huh? What? Why did you say that?
That's a lame car. Sensible, but lame. Why should I care?
No. Uh-uh. Nothin' doin'. I seen a Honda Civic before, and I don't need to waste a bunch of time re-seeing it.
Forget it, Beef! That's ridiculous! Anyone would tell you the same!
I'll be in the kitchen. I got an idea for a drink called a Jeepers Creepers.
Not sitting around seeing Honda Civics - inventing stuff. That's me. That's how I live.
Make love like a mountain!
Oooh. Hold on, is my tummy.
Life is never neat; life is always bad.
Oh, police blotter. You make every newspaper a newspaper from Florida.
Whatcha got.
Damn. All this temperature lately got folks real on edge.
Why does this...
Why does this all seem so... familiar...
Stand down, Roast Beef! Water has hella nutrients in it!
How do you think plants get so big on it?
Water is full of nutrients! That's all I'm trying to say!
Lyle just picked up the new Candy Canyons DVD, dogg! Pull up a seat!
No, you thinkin' of Fratella San Zanille. Candy is still alive. Check it out.
Nah, it's just one of those fake-outs where they show him on the box. This one just has some Mexican guy with a knee brace.
Yeah, we cruised through it at lunchtime. Still worth a second look, though.
Heyo! Money shot!
Excuse me, Todd?
It... it tested very well with our focus group! I... I think you might want to reconsider that opinion!
GO AHEAD! See if I care, you little piece of shit!
Bad news, Téodor. Major setback with the Todd account.
He's not happy with the logo. He says it needs more "jazz."
Also, I called him a piece of shit and told him to fire us.
Where'd you learn to talk that way, boy?
Man, I wonder what ever happened to Bill Cosby...
What the...?
Todd! God damn you! Get back here with my thong!
So! You think you ever gonna want kids, Beef?
Seriously! You ever picture a little one on your knee, same face as you?
This is my new Whiskey a la Mood sampler!
Twelve bottles of whiskey, each one guaranteed to make you feel a different way!
This one makes you all cozy and nostalgic...
...and this one will make you boisterous and friendly, but in a way that will be too strong for some people.
Ooh, cool! The all-black bottle!
It's the wild card! You got to guess what the effect is! Here, see if you can tell.
KISS MY ASS, BITCH! I'LL BE AT DUANE'S!
Oh, just workin' on ideas for my New Years card. Got my childhood cooler here.
Oh, you'd be surprised. They can do anything these days.
But what about its missiles?!
Doc! Doc Andretti! It's Ray, man!
I... I keep blackin' out and fallin' down, Doc! I think it's quick-onset diabetes!
Roast Beef! Emergency party at my place! Call everyone you know!
Golf Golf Golf Revolution.
Yep, yep. That'll do juuuuust fine.
Masterstroke, Lonis.
Hold on. What's all this talk I'm hearing about a caboose full of post-menopausal real estate agents?
I got to ride home in an orgy of frosted tips and BMW-butt, watching Bensington get whipped cream licked off his stomach by some woman who ain't bought an album since Rumours? Maybe I'll walk.
Dude, I am totally impressed with Cornelius. We should build him that old-school bus I was describin'.
I would like to get this done.
Cornelius! Those monogrammed hankies you won in the Badass Games just showed up! Come over! What? Yeah there was a prize! We didn't tell you?
Check out this statistic! It says here a guy with only SIX pictures of his butt on the Internet makes more per year than a public schoolteacher!
It only goes up from there! A dude with just ONE mp3 of his butt on the Internet makes eight to ten times that much!
Think so.
Ooh...man.
Ouch.
I just ate a hunk of salami, and it is doin' me NO favors.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
What's a good remedy?
Damn, they did that in your family too? My great aunt used to mix that up for my Uncle Gérard!
What's...pimp skitters?
You know how much hip-hop I listen to. How come I never heard of pimp skitters?
And this just in:
Chris just don't want to write no damn new strip today, he says!
But he does want to thank AmINakedOrNot.com for being yesterday's top referrer!
Thank you, AmINaked!
Oh no! What's old Cornelius doin' way out this far from home? Did he finally get senility?
EEEAUGH!
We've got to help him! Society shits on the elderly! Someone has to care! Pull over!
He's old, man! He's about to commit suicide! Look at him! It's suicide for sure!
The Achewood Board of Regents would like to award the 2006 Medal of Excellence to...
Google.
IBM's logo speaks of hard-ass instant coffee and Barney Miller. We think of the smell of carbon copy forms. It is assumed that men will drink rye at lunch.
Google, someone who was nineteen designed your logo. It is now seen by every living thing, every day. Hundreds of years from now, archaeologists will think we were all nimrods. Nice going.
Alright, time to execute on Operation Horrible Front Yard. Where we at, T?
Hm. This ain't enough. What else is really offensive? Quick, what comes to mind?
Alright, run with it. Use your imagination, just start building. I gotta makes a tennis date at the club, but I'll be back later.
What the fuck is the matter with me, man? I'm serious!
Slow down man here are at Wendy's slow down SLOW DOWN oh my god!
Oh my god I'm so sorry I just didn't want us to miss the entrance!
I ain't know much in this world, but Sylvia Plath did NOT sport a whale tail.
Man, this barely even looks like Sandra Bullock. Could be any pointy white chick.
Jesus. I shoulda known a project this complicated was gonna run into conundrums.
Crap! It's the anti-abortion people. I knew they'd be early.
Shouldn't that thing be bloody? I thought your ad said you guys were the best.
Damn--I ain't talked to Téodor in like a week, ever since I said that we were both too fat.
Téodor! This is Robert Smith, from The Cure! I am their main singer! How are you, dogg?
Oh! Yes! I did lose my British accent! I must have left it in the hearse!
Anyway, Ray Smuckles is sorry he was crass to you last week!
Yes, I take sit-down baths! How about you, my goth brother? Do you sit down in a sit-down bath as well?
Oh! Dude! That stings! Ow, stop sayin' that you take you take a shower!
Anyhow, I'm going to put my half of phone call through to Ray's house so you can work things out. BEEP HISSS buhWOOOOP!
Oh! Téodor! Thanks for bein' the bigger man and gettin' in touch!
Roast Beef! That lady don't have no underpants on!
Why, I didn't even think you liked that kind of stuff!
That just makes me SO mad! SO so mad! Oh my LORD I can't believe how angry I am right now!
DO YOU WANT SOME FRITTATA?
Beef! Wake up! Téodor brought us a delicious-looking frittata!
No worries. You got anything in particular you want to listen to?
Allman Brothers? Ain't that like plugged-in duelin' banjos? Phish for hicks?
Uh...Ramblin' Man.
Alright men, this is where the Badass Games get scientific!
This test is virtually impossible to cheat! Just go with your gut!
Yes.
Yes I did.
WHAT?! WHAT DO YOU WANT? What could you possibly want! Do you know who you are and why I am so mad at you? WHO IS THIS?!
That bullshit little man ain't my brother! He just a crappy little bullshit man! Everyone can see that!
Well YEAH he's in for the discount rehab program! Leeches? Yeah, the dude loves leeches! He always out gettin' his leech on! Why you still talkin' to me?!
Damn, Pat! What's up, my gay homey! Mojito of artisanal rum?
Dude, I just wanted to make sure you didn't think I was homophobic at you or anything, now that you're outta' the closet.
Totally. So, you take it in the can now! That's different.
Man, we just shootin' the breeze! Two old dudes who known each other since milk money days! Why's that off the table?
Hair falls off my body and sometimes there is gas! Jesus, use your imagination!
Okay, fine! Hold on.
"Dang, I never thought it would be like this! A guy is rocking my can!"
That pretty much how it goes?
What... what happened, man?
Man, I doubt I was CRYIN'!
I don't even know HOW to blubber!
What the-- man, erase this! The last thing I need is this windin' up on that damned...
What's up Drabble, you dipshit?
Drabble, dumbass! YOU!
The main guy, then! Donnie Drabble! I don't know! Just put him on, you ten inch monkey!
Hi! I simply looove reading about your family in the newspaper every day!
Tell me, what are you wearing right now, Big R?
Alright, now say it again, dammit! LOUDER!
Aight, Connie. Let's get those cougars creamin' for a... lemme see here... "Traditional Sicilian Caper Desalinizing Bowl."
Not your place to judge. You a ho of some pretty spendy smokes, if I need to say that.
Riddle! What's the sound of a million Italian caper bowls gettin' sold? The sound of this piece of paper, existing.
Make it a hundo, and go heavy on the foreplay. I actually do like that stuff, and I felt like you rushed the last one.
Uh, hello?
Dang, Beef! How you doing? We never know when we gonna hear from you!
That's real neat, Beef. But tell me -- when you comin' home? Things just ain't the same!
Come on, man! Surely you got a little homesickness in you!
Guys, I have an idea on how to get Roast Beef to come home!
Okay, Chuck just checked in with wardrobe. Get this on, I got to be scarce.
I know I done you wrong, Beef. And I got a way to make it up to you.
See, you know how weddings are dumb-expensive, and the bride's family usually pays, only your bride ain't got one?
I'm gonna foot the whole thing, from the Save the Dates to the bridesmaids' morning-after pills!
Good. it's the only honorable thing I can do. What?
Lyle! What in damn hell are you doing'?
You don't cut hair at SaniTaco, period! That goes against everything we stand for!
Business is slow because people think they're gonna get a sideburn in their food!
Look at this! Shears on the counter, ashtray near the beans, Nugget magazine Letters page all lyin' open close to the salsa...
Ahem!  "Lyle took off his SaniTaco shirt to reveal a broad, strong chest. I pulled down my skirt and sat on the gleaming white food prep area. Lyle wiped two tortillas under his arm and put them back with the rest. It seemed to give him energy."
Heh heh! Yeah, yeah, my breeder used to show me in my early days.
Ah, old Colonel Ephraim.
He used to stick a match up my hiney when I had trouble makin' doodie!
It would make me doodie every time!
It always caused me to make doodie come out of me, onto the ground!
Huh? What, Deanster?
Oh No! I'm going to be late for my job...at the alarm clock company!
Let's have a contest to see who hates Paris Hilton the most!
No, man. You can't pre-win a contest. There got to be an event.
Dude, shut the hell up! That ain't no fun! A contest got to be fun!
Huh. Closer, but I don't want to do that either.
Scientific, though.
Hey now, everybody! Tonight is a very special night for us goths!
The reason why it is special is that I got us a very special guest!
He is the main goth in this whole area! You gotta pull water with him or you're NOBODY!
Please welcome...
The Death Sound.
Hurry, Doc! Cold fix him up! Put it all on my tab, every penny!
Wait... what? Who are you?
But... but if you're Uncle Culpepper, then who's this?
Lie Bot!
Téodor! Don't you know Circus Penis?
This dude won seven AVN adult film awards last year!
He's at the top of his game!
Just Philippe, but we told him the metal undies were part of a game we were playin'.
We got that angle, dogg. We already made him a pair.
Téodor. If you saw a kid wearing metal underpants, would you assume that something important was going on?
Precisely. Think of all the big secrets that are hidden out in the open like that!
Like crazy people! Strap a wireless "cell phone headset" to their ear, put 'em in a pressed shirt, and suddenly they're just "taxpayers on the go"!
What a crazy-assed nut! I don't have time for this guy!
It's good to have this guy in my town! He's the bomb!
Dude, Philippe hasn't done his puberty stuff yet! There's no reason for them to work!
Right! So long as you don't see him lockin' himself in the bathroom for hours at a stretch - on purpose, that is - I think that the world is safe for another day!
All this time, you felt like you couldn't even say anything! I'm sorry, man. I...I ain't even know which end is up anymore. This whole thing...damn.
That's nice, but I feel kind of... like I'm lookin' at a perfectly acceptable car that I sold to a stranger.
THIS IS A HOMEBOY!
It's like, every lady got a rump! No two ways about it! But...fat titties, man! They like the truffles of the lady-body community!
Pat, did yyyyyou steal my laundry!
Sayyy it, Pat! You just wanted to smell my dirty laundry, didn't yyyou?
Y--yes. Yes I am.
Roast Beef, did yyyou steal my laundry?
Hey Téodor! You got the juice to make me a baseball card?
Right. Just make me a card, but like of life. My stats and stuff. I'll pay you a hundo. See you in an hour?
MOMMMM! ROAST BEEF WANTS TO KISS GIRLS ON THE TITTIES!
My mom says I gotta come out here and apologize to you.
She ain't gonna call your mom, Beef! My mom would never call 7-11!
Yeah! I think the only store my mom even KNOWS about is Neiman Marcus!
Does your mom even know what Neiman Marcus is?
Huh?
I..I really don't know.
I disappointed him.
I wonder if he likes soccer. Maybe we could do a thing.
Hey Téodor, do you like soccer?
Not really?
Man that was stupid of COURSE Téodor doesn't like sports
This is perfect. The driftwood will remind him about eternity.
Here, man. I'm sorry about all that. We cool?
ain't gonna wake up
gonna skip a day
Hey hey hey, Roast Beef! How's my music video script comin'?
Aww baloney! Here, let me see that!
Now let's just see what we got heah'!
Oh, this? Heh heh! I got it off eBay.
I thought it looked like a fun thing to store wine in.
Heh! Okay, little guy! Hop on in and we'll have us an adventure!
Alright, Philippe! Where we goin'?
Uh...okay, then! December...25!...1882! Hold on!
Oh, man! Your senior high school photo is just slayin' me, Beef! Ha! Ha! Ha!
How much Aqua Net did you have to use to get those two locks of hair to always line up all perfect on either side of your eye?
You may gripe about my Caddy, but we losin' the Ice caps 'cause of you needin' to have Emotions Hair in high school.
Baby seal, man. Throat all caught in an Aqua Net six-pack yoke, flippers all lashed to its body by an unraveled mix tape titled "Tintern Supplicant"...
Well, I'm thinkin' about gettin' me some nipple rings. You know?
Serious? How come?
Uh-huh. Right.
Nipple rings can be sophisticated. Think Sean Connery.
Some women dig mystery, man. It's a thing.
Man, that cat already knew how to use the goddamn toilet.
Call cats know how to use the damn toilet.
Whoah! Who are you?
Wow, man! Neat to meet you!
O-Okay, dad!
What's the deal with these Jeeps, anyway? I don't remember ever hearin' 'bout no Jeeps in the Fight.
They...they'll do that? Just mow you down in cold blood?
Man, fuck those guys! The hell they're gonna say how this Fight is won!  BRING ON THE JEEPS, GOD DAMN YOU!
Why should the Fight get to say how the Fight is won or lost? Become the ruling body, dude!
Beef! BEEF!
I...AM...RAY!
I AM YOUR FRIEND!
Oh man, I am gonna get six kinds of nasty on a Cold Cut Trio!
Lyle! What it is, sucka!
So, Lyle! What's with all the new Subways in town?
Get outta here! Man, you've been readin' too much internet, Lyle!
Simple, dude. Get her some silver thing from Tiffany. That blue box is all you need, dogg.
Naw, man. You can get knockoff Tiffany from any Senegalese for a thin ten. You always see sluts wearin' that heart necklace at bad grocery stores, all with their fake Vuitton bag and two babies.
Hoochie mama wanna-bling always matches the baby count, dogg. Street thinkers call it Tight Math.
What's IN it, dude?
What's that thing at the end of the large intestine? Because that's exactly what you've done here.
A doo-da doo-da doo-da doo!
Heh! Oh my god! Dog shit!
Man, how long has it even been? I gotta call the guys.
Hey, Beef, man! You ain't gonna believe what I just stepped in! Heh! Yeah, just like old times!
Here, I'll send you some snaps from my cell.
Lessee here, how we do this... ah! Ah ha. Here you go, Beef!
I mean, his rhymes are alright, but this only signature move is a crotch-grab. Yeah, I know. That's Michael's move. Everybody knows that.
Well, I tell him to try somethin' new, and he thinks for a minute, but then he just does the same old crotch grab, only this time he'll like stamp his foot or puff out his cheeks. It's startin' to get frustrating.
Oh, hold on, Connie. I'm gettin' another call.
Yeah, hello? Oh, hey Beef. What's up? I got Cornelius helpin' me out on the other line.
Well, I'm having some trouble with Dirt Man Idiot, this new talent I just signed, and he's just kinda bein' my sounding board. He's cool that way.
Oh no way! Simon's gonna be in town! I ain't seen that dude in ages! When's he get here?
SImon! Hey, man, nice watch! That Paco Rabanne?
You mean, like, as a gay dude, and also his dad, you could see that he was gay even as a little kid?
Pat's cursed to be gay?
Hug the fuck out of 'em Philippe!
Hey Lyle, you in there? Let's go get some suds!
Whoah, when did they get a motorcycle?
I wonder how you ride this thing.
This can't be right. Feels kinda unsafe.
Ahhh, there we go.
You lookin' damn fine, ladies!
Uh, yeah, mom! I was just lookin' at it! Maybe... maybe I could make you some 'a this stuff for Easter brunch!
Man that was a dumb idea why did I even suggest that! I ain't in no shape to cook Catholic recipes at seven in the morning!
Okay then, mom! Scripture Cake it is! See you Sunday morning!
Damn, I better get houndy on this recipe. I ain't wanna screw it up for mom. Woman carried me almost three months.
Holy crap! I can't find out what any of this crap is! Shit, man! Aren't there like three different sorts of bible? Or seven? But one of them is Jewish? Man, I ain't gonna be able to make this cake! Mom will know if I disobey that one about the yeast! Fuck!
And what is she even these days? Pentecostal? Methodist? Episcopalian? Baptist? 7th-day? Presbyterian? Anglican? Roman Catholic? Protestant? First Korean? I damn hope her local paper is on-line so I can cross-reference her beliefs with a bake sale.
Huh! I got a "me" day all alone in Berlin!
Let's see how well a dude can get around without speakin' a word of German!
'night, Karl.
Yeah, man. He pocket-dialed me. I was still nervous, though.
Naw, man. It... he's the kind of dude where you don't call him unless, like, some junta executioner will only NOT junta-execute you if he can get proof that you're related.
Damn, Vlad! That... that really is the only way two actual guys can call each other on the phone without comin' over all, "I think about you".
You got it.
Dead wrong, Vlad. You want a steak charred all to hell. It's that crust you're after. Sometimes the interior is a casualty. So be it.
Dad'll like that. Sounds tough. Guys like him eat bad meat in low joints and always get well-done.
Dude! You ain't supposed to show me up in front of my dad!
Yes please!
Ahhh. Bliss. Say, what do you guys feel like doin'?
You mean...
I picture them jumping off of high cliffs into water, feasting on wild game and fruits, and visiting the women when more children were needed.
Verily, as did I.
Crap, dude. Nuts.
I just found out Little Nephew's been sellin' me bogus Dennis Quaid memorabilia on eBay. I hate this feeling.
He's posin' as this guy Silver_Screen_Promos, and he's just workin' me.
I even paid him ten bucks for a mustard packet he said Quaid used on the set of Twister...
Quaid wasn't even IN Twister.
But he knows I don't know that.
Huh? Oh, hey Beef.
I lost my copy of Braveheart, so I'm seein' if Steve's Party does anything for me.
You know me, dude. I'm straighter than John Wayne voting for Reagan on a horse.
Somebody says I'm gay, I'll just sit here bein' straight, and they'll be wrong.
Sit down and watch for a spell, Beef.
This don't make you gay any more than watchin' NASCAR makes you a good driver.
It's like watchin' the moonwalk, you know? At first it seems all crazy and wrong, but then It's like, "at least SOMEBODY'S havin' fun!"
So how's your Subway doin', Vlad? What's new in the custom sandwich game?
Comin' up with new sandwich concepts and stuff? Talk to me, doggie! You know, I had this one idea about a way of bakin' the roll so it has a curly little tail—
Ooh, like all in tiny panties and a hat?
So you got a cam on a dressed woman eatin' a sandwich in a mop closet?
Oh, shut up, Beef. What do you know.
Lyle's so pissed at me that he shot my new Escalade!
I'll put ten in him! Ten rounds, maybe!
Okay, hi everybody. Listen, recently my friend shot my car.
My other friend said I should write a poem about it as a way of therapy. So here it is.
How's that, Stanley?
They say that's a good sign.
The way mom tells it, Rustmouth was a bitter man, soured on beer, and given to claims.
A few scholarly works state that he claims to have had the first group sex in America -- though recently unearthed wax recordings have him saying that he didn't much like it. Here, I have 'em on my iPod.
Why you watchin' the Spice channel with closed captioning on, Beef?
Huh! that sounds like how Cornelius writes!
Hey Cornelius! you writin' the captions for the Spice channel these days?
Holy...holy *crap*! I feel wonderful! Holy CRAP!
Alright, let's hit this joint.
Next Services 30 Miles, dude. I'm starvin'.
Shit, dude! I didn't get my Fiesta Name!
Yeah...and maybe some chips.
You hear that, Beef? Perfect!
A DOO DA DOO DA DOO DA DOO!
Little Nephew, did you remember to start the dishwash--well, now! Is that Vaseline? I guess it's time for "The Talk"!
...now, you may have noticed that certain parts of your body react differently to heat and ideas...
...perfectly natural and healthy...
...ALWAYS run the sink if you think I might be home...
...once you get goin', don't stop, or you'll get maaaad...
...I don't care how late it is, I WILL come pick you up if you call me, no questions asked...
Hey man, this is weird! Look how Domino's cut the pizza this time!
AAAUGH!
EEEEEEAAAUGH!
Oh, this? Heh heh! I got it off eBay.
Some old guy was sellin' it, sayin' it was a time machine.
I thought it looked like a fun thing to store wine in.
Heh! Okay, little guy! Hop on in and we'll have us an _adventure_!
Alright, Philippe! Where we goin'?
Uh...okay, then! December...25!...1882! Hold on!
What are you gigglin' about, Beef? Good Lord!
Oh! Uh...
*"Cool! Which one?"*
Téodor!
Hey, doggie!
I hit a home run?
It's cool, man. It'll probably...
...it'll probably scab over.
I...
LOOOOVE...
YOUUUUU!
Whoah! What in the HELL?!
Pat! What in hell you want, man! I'm busy!
I'm walkin' around in the woods workin' on a new song, dogg!
You better not be about to tell me to go watch the damn news.
Well, everybody else has been lately, it seems.
What? No, I won't drive you to the store! Use your own car, you chintzy bastard!
Whoah, a web cam!
Beef, you got the wrong idea about music videos!
Now why don't you just try again! I know you can do better!
Just make it fun to watch! That's all people want! Just make it a party!
Hey, did Pat's fancy new hat!
Hey Pat, stock market been treatin' you well?
So, Pat, what's caviar like? Pretty good?
Pat! Wait! I have a date tonight! Can I borrow the hat?
Yeah, man! The fruit salad was hella raunchy! That fruit was ooooold. But that Captain's salami tray was tight, yo. You plump for the roast pork loin, dogg? Oh, proclaim on that pork loin!
Don't distract me, Pat. Accidents. Crashes. A family is changed forever.
Sorry Kev. Yo, you try any of the club eggnog? Man, that action was a coma with nutmeg on top. I pour one out for the stick of butter that gave its life to be that eggnog.
Pat! What I tell you! Crashes! Wrecks! A child's pink Converse on the pavement...Is there a foot inside? The police walk up the mother's driveway! I'm serious!
Sorry Kev. Oh! Oh! That bubble-butt bartender! Talk about dumb! Heh--hey, don't get me wrong, I looooove dumb, but that was like "stick two wires in her and she can power a clock" dumb. I mean, you ever seen a bartender thinks Heineken is fag?!
Envelópe! Que pasa, señor hombre!
Only about that wackity-ass Nativity scene! Don't get greedy now!
So put it in their room!
This is a good neighborhood. People pay a lot of money to not see a bunch of rotating Josephs.
Yeah, well. It keeps the toys off my lawn.
Sheesh. You say it like it's so bad.
You would cut off your own face if people thought you lost a fight to me.
We should set up a time to go camping.
Camping is the ultimate expression of habitation.
In fact, I'm gonna get started right now. Let's go.
Dammit, you're right. I'm gonna go into the garage and smell metal stuff. Instead.
This old lawnmower smells good. No, it smells goddamned beautiful.
I've got to sell this on eBay.
I wonder if eBay gives an award for blowing people's minds.
I got a damn hemorrhoid, man!
It feels like a bee damn stung me on my Gentleness!
Nah, Lyle just dropped off somethin' stronger-
Somethin' he gets from that illegal doctor he drinks with.
Téodor, call the costume shop and see if they-
Hilarious!
I was tryin' to think of ways to top your bachelor party, but this is all I could come up with.
Huh!
Slumber party! Right! Send him off to Chamonix if he gets to be too much. They got my Mastercard on file.
Dear S.D., It's funny: at first this letter sounded like kind of an insult to me.
But when I re-read it, it just sounded like an honest question that my readers deserve to have answered.
Advice columnists are kind of a unique lot, like blimp pilots, in that we're mostly self-taught.
I personally started by reading a few sections in this really old Amy Vanderbilt etiquette book that I found sealed in a plastic bag in the toilet tank.
That was so weird!
It was mostly about, like, where to put your fork if the King is over for dinner, or how to instruct the maid to fold tennis whites for guests who are playing before luncheon, but it sparked something in me. I had been bitten by the "advice bug."
Alright, this is getting boring.
Okay, I have to go run some errands. Up yours if this was actually meant to be an insult (but not up yours if not). -Ray
Oh shit yes!
Man, I thought you'd like that place!
But it's all scientific and clever! You love that stuff!
That was a "tainted" shrimp "taco" with "ethnomedical" manioc foam. It was tasty, dude. Why you think I had two?
They just playin' with expectations, man.
Beef!
You know what we oughta do on this road trip?
We should go campin'!
Think about it, Beef!
Gettin' drunk under the stars, fryin' up sausages!
All laughin' and tellin' lies!
All meetin' some ladies, invitin' em to our tent!
Who? What?
What? How? Why? What?
Who the hell is Milklin?
What? Huh? I don't get it.
Nonsense!
Yum, man!
Here, man! Have some brew!
Yo check it out, Beef! Let's see who can jump over that log the best!
YYYYEAH!
MUCH style!
I got MAD respect for you Roast Beef, but you are NOT gonna jump better than that! HOO-AH!
How do you know?
Hey BEEF! Wake up! How do you know when salmon's done all the way through?
Alright, fellas. I'ma think out loud here.
Okay. Lord of the Rings was huge. Nobody needs to say that. Way I see it, you guys help to meet the demand people got for elf-battle stuff in the wake of those films.
Put another way, Prime Time Records is proud to represent Mister Band. Welcome.
You know who I don't care about? Carol Burnett. Just can't. Just don't.
No, dude. Their food is as greasy as a ladies' sex dancer. Go order us up some Steamed China.
Huh? Why? Keep it short, man. And no details.
What in hell you doin' knowin' about today's main perverts? Not a classy aspect of you, Beef.
A dude is gonna play franks and sacks with my favorite kid?! Get me the damn phone, fool!
Nolan from the Internet? Ray Smuckles, not of the Internet. Look, here's the funny thing. I don't know you, yet I have hired a variety of men to create a certain sort of relationship with you. What? Oh. A death relationship.
Nutmeg! THAT'S the secret flavor in Coke! GOD is that obvious!
No one should be a cock to a stranger, ever!
That's Todd. I know him.
I know Todd.
Those are some pans that I have
I wish in the past I had tried more things 'cause now I know that being in trouble is a fake idea.
I should call my ex-girlfriend and have sex immediately. That would be super.
Wait! I am from...
History!
Forty-five degrees.
Let no man put asunder what I believe is thee proper attyre for footballe
What is it like to see someone die?
I wonder if my mom knows
Man, that movie's CORNY! You only want to watch it because you've got a big crush on Molly Ringwald!
You totally want to kiss her! You want to kiss her on her TITTIES!
MOMMMM! ROAST BEEF WANTS TO KISS GIRLS ON THE TITTIES!
I'm as serious as all damn hell. I'll be winnin' the Great Outdoor Fight this year. (in italiacs) Family tradition.
My dad won it back in '73. You can check it out online.
That was his alias for Ramses Luther Smuckles. He wouldn't fight under the family name. That's why I never knew 'til now.
Hell yes I do. I googled all kinds of stuff up on eBay. Check it.
Oh man, it's a Magreaux dog! Quick, let's cross the street like we didn't see him.
God DAMMIT! Why the hell I got to see a Magreaux dog right now?! Everything was FINE!
Man, the food photography in this Home Depot catalog is ass!
All same old piece of perfect salmon on a white plate with five asparaguses one inch away, no sauce a'tall ...
Yeah, operator? Get me Home Depot. High up as you can get go.
Not now, Beef, I'm on the line with Bob Nardelli. You know, CEO of Home Depot?
Bob? Sorry about that. Friend of mine. Good guy.
So, yeah, I'm thinkin' just throw some food words in the yupscale supercollider ...
... and market us some Home Depot brand ... say ...
... Key Lime Hollandaise ...
... or ... or Slow-Roasted Ancho-Raisin Chutney ...
... and bang. You just extended your lifestyle brand.
Seven million units? Excellent. I'll have my guy draw up the papers today.
The hell, Beef! You saw what he was gonna do to us!
There, dogg. That's twenty-four disguised gay porn DVDs that no one would EVER notice.
A nearby town?!
Alright, T. Here we got a lineup of videos. Tell me which you would choose.
No. You actually wouldn't choose that one, because it looks crazy and stupid.
Try again.
Put it down. Put it back on the shelf. You do not choose that video. Choose either Braveheart or Top Gun.
Okay, shoot, man, shoot!
Hey, LOOK! They got old reels of "Catfish" Lavender Cavendish!
One of the first stars to appear in a "Lascivio-Scopic" picture show!
Oh, it don't stop there! Not with Catfish!
Classic Cavendish, all the way!
Textbook Lavender.
Heh! I don't think he even proposes until Volume 8!
Now do like this with your free hand.
Hey! Do any of you kids have curiosity about... space?!
WHOOO...WANTS TO KNOWWW...WHY MY COOOOKIES...TASTE SO BAAAAD!
THIS AIN'T PERSONAL!
Cooome and get it! Come get your fresh public wine!
Oh, it's okay Dr. Andretti. I've just been pluckin' out my pubic hair and putting it in this Pepsi can.
That thing where you shock him with the two paddles?
Foul mood?
Hey, Pat! How you feelin', doggie?
Daaamn! Look at this, Téodor!
Look at all these funny letters I can write my name in!
Man, I dig this font thing! I'm going to make myself a logo!
Whoah, who understands this font? Is it fro blind people?
Dang! This is lookin' good, T!
Téodor!
We got to start us a advertising agency, dogg!
Yeah. He blew all the cash I gave him on smack and then came back to ruin my party.
Oh, like whenever anyone would start to speak he'd go "Stop. Hammer Time!"
Nah, I'm takin' him down to the Dementia Arms to clean up for a few days.
No worries, I'll cover it. Cheaper in the long run, you know, or something to that effect.
Plus I hear they got a real good discount rehab track at this place.
Bye, Todd! Have fun and get better, 'kay!
I don't want to get it on with you even half of a time, god dammit!
I wouldn't let a damn MOLECULE of my dick touch you!
I see you been out pickin' up trash! Why you bring it back here?
Like hell they are! A Stubbs stands ALONE, god dammnit!
Well, thanks a lot fool! You know a Stubbs can't go back on his word!
Connie! A beautiful lady! Why is this happening to me? Did I overpay my taxes?!
Daaamn. Fine brown liquor?! I better drink this right away before it gets TOO fine!
You guys wait here, I'll need about fifteen minutes. Don't worry if you hear coughin' and laughin'.
Eventually, though, Bird's luck ran out. Aloisius and the interpreter realized they didn't need him, and started their own gig.
Then the recording age came, and nobody wanted to buy a record of a notary reading a laundry list of unusual woes.
Yeah, but from then on he knew he wasn't the bluest cat around. He kept performing, but in his heart he knew he didn't have it the hardest.
Rustmouth died peacefully, aged 106, wealthy and well-respected, surrounded by family and friends. The police even named a street after him. Silent Bird died young. Hungry and half-crazed with lice, he put himself under a train one night. They buried him in two caskets.
Who's more legit? The cursed man, or the man who's cursed by the cursed man? Two souls chasin' each other down the same drain, dude. Anyhow, let's talk royalty structures.
Hey Téodor! It's Ray! How you doin'?
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that!
Listen -- I just have a quick question for you!
Téodor! I need you to be --
-- Philippe's new Vice President!
Sony sent him to me!
Apparently they send you one every time your record goes platinum!
Awwww! Now ain't he sweet!
PAT! Come back here! We gotta think up... let's see now... 33 new names!
Alright, there it is. Found it.
The most hardcore Chinese make-you-strong "delicacy" ever. And yeah, I'm gonna order it.
They go out into the woods and they find a really poor beetle who's tryin' to get a used car for his daughter to take to college. The guy has ruined credit, and zero savings, and right in front of his daughter the salesman throws him out by his collar. Literally. He drops his hat and the salesman kicks it to him. He has to bend over to pick it up.
Says here you mash up the dad on some toast, and put the daughter under an upturned glass to watch.
This's mine dude! Don't be buggin'!
Kid kid kid! What's with all this kid imagery? Did you just see a kid? I play with this truck!
Look dude, if you can't have fun playin' with a toy truck, then it's time to reevaluate your life. You've become jaded.
I think it's mainly computers, man. We got so much stimuluses, we ain't need to use our imagination anymore, and it dies like a muscle that ain't get used!
Damn, man! Yes! Yes! Old School! OLD School!
So, like, what's it you do, here?
You fellows know where I can get a case of white zinfandel?
It's Tina's birthday tomorrow. I owe her big after last year.
Let's just say I didn't have a whole lotta scratch lyin' around...
But this is a Mustang>, baby! Don't you want to do it under a
I know. Come on over and have a drink.
You like Ketel One, right?
Alright, so what's the deal with the turkeys and brandy today? Is it like a buffet, or is it table service? And what about them side dishes?
don't sass me, chucklehead. i gave you a real basic two-option question.
you give a beggar your meal, he only loves you while it's on his lips - aint no dude gonna lay down on day three just cause i gave him a drumstick
Téodor! You gotta come over and help me write a follow up hit to Friendship Lane!
There now, just pluck away at the banjo.
I'm gonna clear my head and wait for the lyrics to come.
THE ATOM BOMB WILL KILL US ALL! THERE'S VOMIT IN THE BATHROOM STALL!
AAAIIIIIGHT!?
Damn, dude! What just happened? Did I black out?
Dang. Weird. Maybe I better play and you sing for a bit.
Wait a minute.
I ain't got no damn Clapper!
Huh? Oh, whoops!
What? No, I don't want to buy no damn piano! Do you know what time it is?! Don't call here--
So what if I am?
Hmmm. How much you gettin' for a piano these days, anyway?
Sheesh! This is long! Mind if I sign it now and read it later?
Cool! And not even a down payment!
How's that, Uncle Culpepper?
Dang, you got burned on a dot com, huh? Which one?
Pregnant F/X?
Dang. I get Connie donked and ruttin' in a nice guest room with a shower and fresh sheets, he's never gonna turn me down again when I put a nine-ball hundo on the rail!
Vlad. Always rockin' the sawed-off wisdom. Dap.
Dang, Beef! How long I been asleep for?
Damn, I'm sorry! You been drivin' this whole time?
Where are we?
Say, they got a real nice underground over there in Mojave! Let's check it out!
Yeah, my cousin told me how to find it!
I got the directions right here...it's pretty well hid...
Says fuckin' who?!
I believe it was Voltaire who said "well, then fuck them."
Can this wait?
CAN YOU AFFORD TWO HUNDRED DOLLAR NIKES, DIABETES? CAN YOU?!
Diabetes, you are not invited to my pizza party.
So, like, I think the reason Howard Stern is popular is that he hell of rags on dykes, but he also hell of esteems them, because they got, like, brass Fallopian tubes.
It shows that the man is conflicted like everyone else, and in their cars, in private, people admit that they also want to crack wise with some boss lesbians.
You know that lesbians are funnier than usual people, right? I got a theory on that.
Daaamn! Look who's bein' a dick about terms!
Yo! You got a nutty old bear in here? Like, way over three percent crazy? Goin' by the name of Cornelius?
Sounds like him. He's old as hell, and he's been leavin' the toilet seat at like a forty-five degree angle lately.
Yeah. We even set up a special area where he can go and do his last things.
Sheesh. Dude's probably gonna do a urine in my Caddy.
Seriously, Pat! How'd you get outta prison?
How in the heck did Pat get out of prison?
Hmmm... now what should I do with this box?
I wonder what the best thing to do is.
Man, but does it suck to run a mile! Back me up, Beef!
Never almost have diabetes, dude. It ain't no way to live.
Anyhow, be quiet. I got to call my mom back.
Hi, mom! How you doin'? You doin' OK?
What?! No, mom! Ain't nobody got diabetes here! I promise!
Hey Téodor! It's Ray! How you doin'?
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that! Listen-I just have a quick question for!
Téodor! I need you to be-
-Phillipe's new Vice President!
...you ask me, they should be sharp as HELL...
I said helicopter blades should have razor-sharp edges!
No. Listen. Who's gonna look slicker in the casket---Johnny Cleanslice, or Timmy Headloaf? You KNOW morticians got to rebuild the head for the viewing.
Everybody else, maybe? Like I said, you have a really selfish idea of how to die from helicopters!
Sorry, mom. So, like I was sayin'---
Yeah, Achewood police? This is Ray Smuckles, 11 Via Vera.
Hey BEEF! You threw up! How come?
I mean, he's got a nervous stomach from way back, but I ain't never seen anybody get all ill from just weed!
Ain't it illegal to leave stoned people lyin' around in public? Let's put him in the cart.
Whoah! Hey, Beef! Don't be drivin' that thing! You're completely HIGH AS HELL!
You like The Cure, Pat?
But Pat, The Cure is silly! It is silly to like The Cure!
No, Really! They are really silly people! Stop listening to them!
That's Right, Roast Beef! Say, how you doin'?
Nice Pete sings these really bonkers lyrics over a bass line. It's like that black elf-rock stuff? Is that what I mean? From Norway?
No, his stuff is even dumber. It's like,
THE SEMEN OF THE DEMON ICED THE DEATH-CAKES ONE BY ONE! THE LOYAL MAIDENS SERVED THEM AND SOON SATAN'S JOB WAS DONE!
Serious, man! He says that stuff!
What you talkin' about some boy named Baba O'Riley! Ain't no parent in this day got no kid named at ALL Baba O'Riley!
That's a damn Who song, foolish child!
What in HELL are you talkin' about?!
Don't... don't take any!
A highway with grooves cut into the road perpendicular to travel...
The grooves are spaced out so that when your wheels roll over them in succession, a song is played.
The song is coded into the road!
Huh? Oh! Oh yeah! First-ever pitched in the stoned slow-pitch softball league!
Nightlife Mingus! Roll on, baby!
I believe that would be you.
Who pulled the string on this clichéd hip hop minion?
Who's this underage knockoff with his store bought opinion?
Watch it little man because you're on thin ice!
Ain't you the one who just got sent home with lice?
Roast Beef! Why are you bringing me breakfast in bed?
These pancakes look delicious! Thank you! Ooh, and a tasty Bloody Mary.. what a treat!
Hi, Beef! Ooh! Guess Basket! Guess Basket! I been lookin' forward to this, man!
Dice are...from Arabia! They symbolize math! Wait, no...they...they modify an existing game! I...DAMN. Man, I can almost taste it...
Heh! Somethin' about that little fruit really touched the sex receptacle in my brain! I still feel weird about it.
Just...It needs to get dressed. Please.
I don't like what you're doing here. I don't feel like I have a lot of outs.
Happy Birthday, Onstad.
So...uh...thanks for everything, I guess
I hope you didn't want more of a fuss -- I couldn't figure out that dang "E-Vite" thing at all
It seems like there is a difference between e-mail and internet? Is that right?
Anyways, I've got some hot dogs in the oven. You like to eat hot dogs, right? Baked up real good?
Whoah, man! Don't pick me up! What the hell, man?!
Alright, Miami. Which of these dudes do you think has done hard time?
Dang, people! Hello and good morning! Listen, today is a very special day around here.
Why? Because the Achewood book is finally done, that's why!
And if you want a copy, you got to act pretty much now, because we didn't make that many. Over to you, Philippe!
No it's not! No it's not! Everything's fine!
Everything's cool! No one got burned on this deal!
You gettin' the nutmeg and honey finishing notes?
We recommend serving this one with the flesh of an unborn veal calf, sauteed in hickory butter. No side dishes.
Now let's follow with a bit of a twist, our fennel ale. It'll remind you of a ginger ale, but it clocks in at 6.8%.
The mint really bridges the gap between the herb and the hops.
We recommend it with a cilantro-ape ceviche.
I have a guy in Sierra Leone. Let me know.
They just neutered Carl, Beef! I just heard!
Yeah, man! Pat went by to get some old baseball cards and Carl was just ten kinds of lanced!
I know, man! I'm almost cryin' over here!
What?
hey Téodor, man, it's Ray
Yeah, so I guess we got seperated last night. I was pretty turned around.
No, just wanted to make sure you all got home okay.
My place? No, not too bad. Not too much CDs got stolen.
Heh. Yeah. Lyle's sleepin' it off on the patio.
At least, I think he's asleep.
I was gonna go put a 7-Up bottle full of bloody mary by him in case he's alive.
No--what technique?
Yeah, I know how to make one of those.
Okay then, T. Bloody Mary bong it is! Thanks!
LYYYYLE! New day! New DAAAY!
Ah friends.
We gotta hold this pose, man. Norman Rockwell's gettin' his easel outta the car.
WHO TAUGHT YOU TO WASH DISHES? RAMBO? BE CAREFUL!
Who's RAMBO?
Rambo? JOHN Rambo? First BLOOD?!
Sly Stallone, you little bonehead! Ain't you ever hear of Rocky?
What?! Rocky don't box in no wheelchair!
Thay don't show Rocky in History class!
Man, this ain't workin'. I was born horny, loved Playboy since I was three, and need more than I'm gettin'. I got to call a sex line and make today happen.
Yo. My name's Carlo... Fertezzi. I got the goods. NOW.
On the linoleum in the kitchen, like Eddie Van Halen! On the kitchen counter, like David Lee Roth! On a ski boat parked on white carpet in a garage in Arizona, like Sammy Hagar! We gonna do this up Rock and Roll Smithsonian!
Yo, Tina. Guess there ain't no use pretendin' this ain't me. How you been girl.
An MBA? For reals?
Damn, girl! You finally gettin' serious about doin' visual merchandisin' for The Body Shop? Tell you what, let's meet for a power cosmo down at Napoleon's. Catch up.
I thought about this financial crisis from all angles, dogg. We gotta legalize and tax pot. That could really be the big save.
It would literally be amazing if I was kidding.
No, we all just think that the guy next to us is puritanical. In secret, we ALL scopin' lo-fi porn on our iPhones and wishin' we had ever figured out how to make our cars do a wheelie.
Damn... you know what America really needs? "Admit it" day. Where everybody's honest just for one day. that's all it would take to turn this gig around.
Exactly. I'm talkin' housewife in gym clothes at Starbucks goin', "Which of you lanky baristas wants to steal me husband's stupid Corvette and move to Cancun?"
Admit it day could do more for this counter than any amount of playin' tricks with money.
See what you did there? You went negative. Negative don't sell.
Okay, maybe you can only admit happy things on Admit It day.
Jesus Christ, Beef. I try to invent a happiness holiday and you got dads layin' in creeks blowin' themselves away on Christmas.
This is it?!
Téodor, man, we gotta hit the drawing board!
Alright, look: so the front bench can be lined and made into a cooler....
...GOT to have some kind of sound system...
Naw, man. I been in here in a while
Wha...man, nobody I know calls me at five thirty!
Thank you for calling Telemarketers Anonymous!
Whoah! No last names, friend!
Tell me! When you telemarket, do you feel a sense of Shame?
Ha ha! I's just kiddin' about all that.
I...I don't like this, Beef! I gotta get outta here! What if I fugue? I'm not cool with this, man! I didn't think it'd be like this! Help me out, Beef! Help me, man! Help! HELP!
Way way wait...Cody Travis, that country dode who sells CDs' to Kmart people?
He's not dead...he's not dead...I...we brawled...he's fine, he ha stuff for his album....
You know, I used to know a guy who AIDS once.
Fuck, man! I just crashed the car!
Oh well!
Listen, it's only about ten blocks back to my place. We should play a game while we walk!
Alright!
Well, one afternoon about seven months ago, this gay Taliban lawyer walks into a bar with a talking parrot on his shoulder.
The Taliban bartender is like, "Man! I just have got to know what that's all about! I mean, the bird thing!"
Oh neat, fifty bucks!
Anyhow, the lawyer looks at him pretty mean, because in their religion it's, like, super rude to be nosy
About twelve and a half minutes later, the lawyer persuades the owner of the building to fire the imperfect bartender.
I think that at the end of the joke the bartender's life is screwed up pretty bad. He doesn't have a lot of options.
Anything, doc. Whatever you think is necessary.
I got to have this with two other dudes at the same time?
Holy crap! Cornelius? Lyle? What are you guys doin' in here waitin' for video colonoscopies?
Téodor? What are you talkin' about? This ain't funny, dude.
Bensington Butters!
That son of a bitch set this whole thing up?!
So long, fellows. No colonoscopy for me today. I got business to attend to.
So...uh...what you guys been up to?
Oh! Ha ha! An amount of carrot in my ear!
Let me just remove that.
Nothing! Let's go have some McDon--OH MY GOD THE PAIN
It's like someone stuffed Alka-Seltzer between my brain cheeks!
See, Lonis, the way you doin' it's all wrong. With a product like yours, it's all about the marketing.
Right now you just springin' this stuff of people willy-nilly. How you gonna build a brand like that?
Huh? You got a list?
Sipes...Sipes...sounds kinda familiar.
Okay then! How do I beat this dude's ass like a bongo drum?
You ran the dude's credit?
OK. So I start to give him a backrub, but then I surprise him by kicking his ass. Right.
Right. Where we go from there?
So what's his whole thing?
Pat, did yyyyyou steal my laundry?
Sayyy it, Pat! You just wanted to smell my dirty laundry, didn't yyyou?
Y--yes. Yes I am.
Roast Beef, did yyyou steal my laundry?
Pat already took?
Man, he was supposed to give me back my damned Wayans Brothers cookbook!
I was gonna use a recipe from it tomorow!
They have this way of shaping a fried egg to look like a top hat, dammit!
Téodor, come with me, man. We gonna storm the roost.
Look, man.
I ain't goin' there alone, because I don't want to, and you're tight with that Nice Pete creep he keeps around.
So, basically, it's good that you're coming with me. I'll go fire up the Escalade.
Oh, and we ain't listenin' to The Cure on the way, either. I need to be pumped.
A bunch of limeys who want to be sad girls ain't gonna cut it.
Hold on, man. They're about to do a hilarious bit where they compare their junk to dog food.
Hey T! What's the hap-haps, man m' man?
Oh, and dude! You should have seen Connie earlier! Sayin' he was in some big hurry, all dressed in black, talkin' wistful about basic stuff like sounds...
You guys do that too? I thought it was just old cats!
Right, right.
His computer's in the car. Let's check it for a note.
Alright, guys! How's that compositin' goin'? You able to make some pretty hot scenes outta all that Rod footage?
Baloney! Show me show me.
Huh. You got any other frames I can see?
Huh. Yeah. This ain't goin' too good. Maybe we got to talk about things.
So, like I was sayin'! When you gonna drop the ring on Molly, Beef?
This is him! This is my guy! That's why he's my guy!
Who the hell are you two!
Well, you're both gonna be bloggin' this Fight through a tube in your face if you don't get me Sound and Motion.
Beef, why do I get a feelin' that our army's made up of ex-kids who were always picked last for kickball?
Huh. Good point.
That's right, Beef! And after we have some drinks we all goin' out for pepperoni pizza!
Don't say nothin'! Just have a drink on your old friend Ray!
Man, what is goin' on with Roast Beef? I ain't never seen him put it away like this!
Téodor! What's his tab lookin' like?
Damn. Cartilage Head, huh. I really wasn't ready for that this week.
I know.
Jeez, man. Alright. Yeah. Yeah, I'll take it. Shit, dude.
So how's it goin', Pat? You scorin' much dude-pussy these days?
Hey, man. You got to get used to this. When guys hang, they talk about sex. You know that.
Naw, man. I been hella klondike lately! Sheesh. Even in my fantasies I just go to the library and read about coins. Somethin's got to give, man. I got to go to a nudist colony or somethin', just like run at people and see what happens. See if it winds up as sex. That's basically the only option I got left.
I tried lookin' on-line, I called a matchmakin' service, I had a voodoo guy rub a Ken and Barbie together… nothin'.
If things don't turn around, I'm gonna get a sex change and a time machine and give myself the kind of science fiction romp that Donald Trump only dares to dream about!
They were droppin' off my new Damon and Affleck!
Those guys are friends, man. Those guys are straight-up friends.
I was thinkin' of settin' up a little indoor basketball court and posing them on it.
You know, Ben would have the ball, but he'd be passing it to Matt... both totally smiling...
Hey man, what time is he gonna let us in?
I am wearing some delicious cologne. Let's get inside, already!
Well I'll be! Says here that George Clooney is learnin' Coptic!
Daaamn!
Hello, CafePress? I need to have a shirt made. I want it to be white and say certain information about George Clooney--
Oh, use your website? Yeah, I'll just use your website. Nice.
Hipster? What? Why'd you say that?
Oh. Well, this ain't that. It's just what's goin' on with me.
They got this website "CafePress" makes it easy to put your notions on a shirt.
Heh! Probably not, but maybe?
Yes, this is Mr. Smuckles. I understand there's been a disturbance in my home?
Ah-ha, I see. But no trace of vandalism?
Very good. Well, you may dismiss your guard. I'll be home shortly.
No, thank YOU Carrie!!
So let me get this straight:
You tried to watch a movie in my home theater and ended up setting off the alarm?
You guys been packin' Hot Lunches in my elevator?!
Look, Beef! I made everything just like Cheers!
Téodor is like Sam, all cool and smooth...
Mr. Bear is like Frasier - I know how you like Frasier!
Say now, is that Todd? NO! It is not Todd! It is Carla!
And oh! Who's this?! Why, it's Woody!
Woah, you guys buy your tortilla chips at the damn store? What kind of candy assed taqueria is this, anyway?
...damn man what in the hell what in the...
...daaaaamn...
I...I'm Mickey Mouse, man!
Man, Bensington Butters doesn't know who Mickey Mouse is! What in the hell?!
What? Oh, no man! I got this on eBay!
This was Trent Reznor's high school car! If you sit in it, you are guaranteed to feel total despair!
I'm not so sure you're the kind of -- Beef! Wait!
You finally doin' it, man! You finally doin' it!
He SAID he was gonna do it!
Are... are ALL my dudes breast men?
You... we even got a drink? Ass men don't got no drink!
Man, our drink has a PASSWORD? That is JAMES BOND IN A TOWEL! What other perks breast men get?
There ain't no secret menu.
That depends! Are you the Guaranteed Honky-Tonk Style Blowjob I ordered from Room Service just now?
Oh! Téodor! I'm, well, I'm playin' a little on-line strip poker. Go downstairs and I'll be along in a bit!
Yeah, I didn't think it was gonna be like this. We're mostly just chattin'.
The one on top left is Matt. His dad is sick. That's Buck, he's a Black & Decker rep from Dallas. His mom got hit pretty hard with MS.
The guy with the jester hat on is Tom B. His kid has cerebral palsy. He's pretty sure it's his fault.
He won't say anything. Once in a while he puts a gun to his head.
Well, Roast Beef! I guess now that you got the Internet in your brain it will be real easy to take out a Personals ad!
Hey man! They' some freaky chicks on that Internet! Just start composin' and let's see how it goes!
Good, good! Let 'em know you a kinky dogg!
You ain't gonna get no ladies with all that high-end mumbo-jumbo! Take it down a few!
Wait, hold on. He knows for sure the exact day and time he's gonna die?
Daaamn.
Damn. After that Magreaux dog stunt of his, I ain't so sure I feel too bad about this.
But...still. It ain't like a Smuckles to leave a player this way. I bet Lonis can wiggle his rocks around and tidy this up.
Listen, Edison. Why ain't we redoctor this ketchup so it erases those memories...and instead, maybe, he develops an amazing career as a shirtless Irish jump-dancer?
Goodbye, Butters. See you in the dreams of chubby female real estate agents who have had menopause.
Téodor! Nice work with Todd's head exploding!
Viacom's been bustin' down my door tryin' to buy the rights to that footage, dude.
Huh? Oh, some pilot called America's Most Harmed Animals.
They wanna pair it up with this footage of a dog who barfs out a lotta candy near a CEO.
Actually, I can't say what the CEO does. I'm under an NDA. That's the only way they'd show it to me.
Well, let's just say that the dude was under a lotta stress, and probably not a good guy to begin with.
Ouch is right, only the dog never got a chance to say that. Come over and have some Brie cheese, man.
Damn. Like only one cup of milk left in this bad boy, and I need to make room on the door for the new bloody mary mix.
Maybe...maybe pour it into a glass. Wait. Maybe...drink it!
Straight-up drink a glass of milk!
Holy hell, that is so old school!
Hold on, wait. I got to do this right.
Hey, Téodor! Good to see you, despite the comment!
What's it look like, Daddy-O?
If you're tryin' to be funny, maybe use a little less Vietnam. Old stand-up trick.
I'm sittin' on the damn stoop! You're the one who turned it into a war and a musical!
I better go back inside before Miramax casts Michael Flatley to play me in the movie!
Pat! 'Sup, legally gay person?
He wants to write my biography? Why, 'cause he's broke and I'm loaded?
That hick.
Yeah, I guess I don't really have a choice. Sure, five hundo. Let me know when he wants to start takin' notes. Jesus. Thanks a lot, Pat.
Sizz-Ell Readyness 'n' Khryme Kube is the best thing anybody will ever hear in their LIFE, so SIT ON IT AND SCISSOR KICK, WOMAN!
Make it a large. My biographer's here.
Oh, mostly that first one, I guess.
I'm knockin' off a little early today. How's your stuff comin'?
Are you trying to be funny with me?
It's Envelope, dogg. Guy across the street. He parked on his damn lawn again.
A LITTLE tacky?! Not replacin' the empty toilet paper roll is a LITTLE tacky.
...no, that's a lot tacky. Belt not matchin' shoes, now that's a LITTLE... no, that's real tacky as well. Movin' your fork between hands just to take a bite... no... unbearable...
Damn, T! You onto somethin' with that!
Uh huh. Uh huh.
That starts the Marseillaise, right? And where do the anti-abortion protestors with the bloody fetus posters go?
I'm serious this time, Beef! I ain't gonna be able to pee unless you look right in my eyes!
Not this time, man! If you don't look into my eyes, the urine's gonna rise up into my heart and over-heat it and kill me!
Thanks, man. Okay... GO!
I saw a smile! Somebody smiled!
Mom!
Sorry mom! You okay after your trip? You need anything? Rib-eye? Mimosa?
We got mimosas, rib-eyes, glasses, plates...anything you want, mom. Really.
I'll tell you what. Why don't I double check to make sure I ain't grillin' any rib-eye, and you stand here and test to see if this is a mimosa.
Alright, all the doors are locked. Let's get back to work.
Dammit! There's the doorbell!
Whoah! Hey, fellows!
Yeah, guys! Come on in! I see you already workin' the mojo!
Whoah! Blister?!
Lyle! Welcome back, man! How was Scotland?
Men, you have competed in four events, and the results have been surprising.
Téodor, we hoped you would shine during the cooking event, but you folded with a focus and intensity normally seen only in successes.
Pat, you've been to prison more times than the neck tattoo fairy, yet you got on worst with Miami.
Vlad, you're a machine, yet you could not identify which of your machine brothers was, in fact, the car quiz's logical choice.
Lyle, you communicate mainly through smells and peeing, yet you couldn't get along with the dog.
Congratulations, Cornelius. You are the baddest dude in town; you are the mirror that shows a normal man that he is a clown.
DID YOU HEAR THAT?! THE DUDE PREPARED REMARKS!
THE MAN IS SO OLD SCHOOL HE DRIVES A YELLOW BUS WITH GOTHIC ARCH WINDOWS!
ALRIGHT! Alright! So I musta read the directions wrong!
Here! He says town's just a mile or so further.
Alright! It ain't like anything actually happened!
Alright, Rod. We couldn't find anyone else to star with you, so you just get on the bed and do what you gotta do to make this dirty.
Téodor! Come take your shirt off and do jumping jacks in here! Rod ain't a Cuisinart!
Troy Harlem? What? T, you a secret gay porno actor? Damn, this is handy!
But, dude! Think how perfect!
I come bustin' down the wall and complain about how poorly some fat guy's playing with himself, there's no gay OR straight appeal! It's just every fat dude's worst nightmare come to life!
Well, how much underwear DID you eat?
That's IT?
Of course they'll let you on the plane! Just don't act like anything's wrong!
No they ain't gonna know just by lookin' in your eyes! Act normal, and get on the damn plane! We filmin' our first episode tonight, Todd!
HEY! Ain't no stewardess gonna hear it digestin' in you, Todd! LISTEN TO ME! HEY!
DO... DO NOT CUT IT OUT OF YOU! NO ONE CAN HEAR UNDERWEAR ONCE IT'S INSIDE OF YOU!
TODD! TODD!
Vegas. The Talented Dr. Sniffles just gave his bad self a whale tail-ectomy on the sharpened corner of an Emeril Lagasse franchise. Back in three.
Spill, Beef. A brother is tore up on toxic shock syndrome and rockin' a Schedule III Sodium Pentothal* in his gravy.
Dogg, you are exactly right.
I wanted the four of us to have classy dinner parties and boat vacations in France, for our kids to be the same age... hella tite.
