Ray paid be a hundred bucks to design his. Whatta you got?
HIDDEN IN HIS LABYRINTH, HE DINED ON COELACANTH!
Nice!
I wonder where that particular woman is now.
If she's being true to herself, she's probably pleasing and being pleased in a perfect, balanced cycle.
Any requests?
No problem, Todd.
It's Bill Cosby. He says if you have to drop an F-bomb to get a laugh, then you aren't working hard enough at your job.
I'm cleaning out my record collection. You want any 80s vanity albums?
It's called fingerstyle guitar.
Almost. You almost got it right.
It's okay to be dumb, Little Nephew. The world will always need people who buy magazines about car stereos.
You can be the best at anything, if you try. Have you ever cooked spaghetti?
Oh, like do you mean half an ounce of tomatoes?
I have a story to tell you about when I was five. According to my mom, I would always hide a hundred and fifty dollars in a package of lightbulbs in the linen closet.
ugh... Hello
I know who you are, Ray.
Why should I? We don't have any clients, any leads, or any money!
You probably just want me to come in so you can lay me off!
You bastard! I was right!
Tell me what the problem is. I'll tell you how to fix it. I'm not coming in.
Hel-
What do you call yourselves?
"Sex Funeral"?
Lyle, I...Jesus, dude! Don't have a dildo in the house!
What do you even need that for, anyway?
It'll cause problems. It'll get left on a counter or near the yard.
You found it and you can't part with it because you're a sucker for anything with a motor.
No one's going to like anything you do to their coffee with a dildo.
What... what's up, guys?
Yeah...
I see the world with perfect clarity! All of its systems are unified in a balanced, eternal cycle!
I don't even notice myself! I just feel like a part of everything! I have no wants!
If I had plans, they were made by an incorrect life I no longer maintain.
I should go to Starbucks... They have that new cashier with... with the... with the new body to look at
Why did Ray email me a link to a "Chicks with Dicks" website at 4am? He didn't even write a note
"Doggs with hogs", "Gents with implements"
"Dudes with justified attitudes", "Jerks with the works"
Wow, I'm good at this. Did Circus Penis lie to me because he sensed I had more talent than him?
He saw another rebel, bound to revolutionize the adult film industry the way he once had done...
But instead of playing the mentor, he played the enemy and burned a bridge he knew I'd find one day... Coward.
Probably Hermish Glockensmermer Ippy.
Maybe he's dying and wants to go out on top... knows I'll find my way without him... His next of kin may have a letter for me somewhere...
Oh, Jesus. What nonsense. Besides, who wants to be in an industry where you have to count on chicks who are fine about getting laid with their head in a toilet?
Whoah! Is that a movie of my birth, Lie Bot?
Wow! What else do you have?
Show me!
Whatever. I don't believe you. Can I watch a litte more of this birth footage?
I wasn't born with armpit hair!
YAH! YAHH! Look at the GENIUS! Look at him stand in his ROOM!
AGH!
Hey everybody, let's get hats!
Philippe?
When'd you know it was over... or did you?
You take his advice? It sounds pretty sage, actually.
Two more times?
Ray! Ray! Wait! I found out! It wasn't your Magreaux dog! It was a fake!
After you left, I followed the dog! It ran a few blokcs and jumped into a big red Bentley with the license plate CAVIAR!
Yeah! Yeah! He even called the dog The Talented Mr. Smuckles! He and his posse were laughing their asses off!
Probably to the transfer station over in the marshes.
What's up with Cornelius lately?
Yikes! You need to get rid of all this baggage, Beef!
You're never gonna wear any of these!
Okay, but what's up with this one?
Man, he's really loosening up! It's so, so weird to be buddies with a murderer.
But it's also kind of a cool, dangerous feeling.
I wonder if it's safer to know him or not know him
Whoah, I'd better pay attention to this joke
Wait a minute...
That just happened over at Hidden Hills Medical Center this morning!
God, is Lyle clipping his nails on the couch again? That bugs the hell out of me.
Dude, don't clip your nails on the couch! That's like peeing in the sink, or puking in the dishwasher! It might not seem like a big deal to the person doing it, but it is!
Hey, you're writing again! It's been a while, hasn't it?
Mind if I take a look?
Judge the audience, not the author. Natch.
Heh! Horrible things are happening for no reason!
Ray?
What happened to you?! Do you need a doctor?
Right, right! I'll turn on the stove! Good lord!
It was nice of Philippe to make this miniature golf hole for us.
Hey Philippe! How do you play this hole?
And then what?
What makes you say that?
You guys always get back together. When are you gonna make it legit?
Oh! Yeah!
Open the bomb bay doors, Ray
Good LORD, Ray! When did you learn to play like that?
Sure!
Alright, I've gotta bail. I'm making dinner tonight.
Ray?
Maybe 'cause you're stoned and think it's funny to lead me on like I can be in your big hit band, asshole!
I...died? I died?
This feeling... euphoric...
A pervasive sense of relief...freedome from responsibility
Ow! What the hell?
Why am I just bobbing here?
This is embarrassing!
Are more experienced dead people laughing at me right now? Am I being hazed?
I wonder if I can climb back down the wall and pull the cap out of my mouth.
Uh oh wait bad idea
bad idea
hold on
I don't think so. Why?
Yeah.
I'm sitting in for Lyle on bass tonight. What's the deal with this band? Are you in it?
Holy crap! Nice Pete's in the band? Who else? Please tell me a cop and a doctor.
I'm not doing it. Lyle lied to me. Fuck this. Yeah, I'm holding. Let's go up to the roof.
Hello!
Hello,
Hello!
Hello,
Hello!
That was fun! That was fun! That was fun! Hello, fun that was had! Hello, fun!
: Wait! I am touching my nose! That means your daddy's money just ran out! Hee hee! Boy, is that gonna be a big theme in your life! Ding!
Time's up. If you're done drinking Ancient Shenanigan and staring catatonically at your own baby pictures, I need to go.
This...wow. Google only has one result--clicking--It's a Wikipedia entry!
Oh, sorry. You know how it is with Wikipedia.
Look, just let her start giving you a commodore. Make natural grunts and stuff if you like it, and I'll cut it off if you don't.
It... was a very long flight, Miss Tina. Please attend to my funky something with the gentlest of ministrations.
I...I thank you, my passerine chanteuse.
So, let's see what you got in your Halloween basket!
Wow! A full-size Hershey bar? Who gave you --
HOLY JESUS CHRIST IS THERE A BUSINESS CARD TAPED TO THIS FUCKING CANDY?!
HELLO, I WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK TO THE PIECE OF SHIT THAT IS DANGLING FROM THE WORLD'S ASSHOLE? JOHN TOMINO?
LISTEN, I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU INSIST ON PULLING A COCK RING AROUND YOUR NECK DURING YOUR MARKETING BRAINSTORM SESSIONS
BUT I WANT YOU TO WAKE UP TO THE FACT THAT YOU JUST TURNED A CHILDREN'S HOLIDY INTO AN AD FOR YOUR FUCKING REAL ESTATE AGENCY!
YOU SEMINAL TURD! YOU PISS FOUNTAIN! YOU'RE TEACHING THE FUTURE TO SUCK AND THE CHILDREN TO SWALLOW!
I HOPE YOU BOIL IN A BUCKET OF GYPSY SHIT!
Oh, damn. Flouting in front of him like that was probably worse than the stupid card in the first place.
You know not to say any of that stuff, right?
You don't look like Bogart. You look like you ride a Honda Goldwing and collect swords.
Yeah, what model is that? The "Debonair SysAdmin"? Where's your fanny pack and black Reeboks?
You better take that off before some guy with seborrheic dermatitis and a pizza-goiter adds you to his Livejournal community!
It's like diaper rash, except your parents won't help.
Ray? I thought you'd be up watching the news!
What, were you at Mayor C's last night? You haven't been following the news?
You should really turn on the news. I mean it.
Hey Lie Bot, can you tell me what the "clitoris" is?
huh!
What does it do?
Yikes!
Sort of -- what's leaking out?!
What? What is it?
Todd, have you been drinking?
You could have killed someone!
ray RU there
Cornelius was shot
about 20,000 seconds and one game of This Little Piggy Went To Market ago
Six times?
So, what did you get Molly for Valentine's Day?
You forgot!
You forgot it was Valentine's day, didn't you! Admit it!
I did you a favor by reminding you! You were gonna walk into the bedroom later and wonder why she was sitting there crying in matching underwear!
IS THERE A LAMP YOU CAN SIT UNDER THAT HELPS YOU ADMIT THAT YOU'RE WRONG BECAUSE I'LL GET OUT MY CREDIT CARD RIGHT NOW GOD DAMMIT!
HOW ABOUT A LAMP THAT KEEPS YOU FROM YELLING AT PEOPLE WHO KNOW WHAT DAY IT IS!
So, Mr. Squirrel, how is this year's acorn crop?
Michael Jackson died, Philippe.
No, no. He was a big deal to people my age, is all.
Have you ever heard of the "moonwalk"?
No, this is the moonwalk. Watch.
Hey. Yeah.
Me too. Never owned an album, but it's like there's a... smoggy orange Los Angeles sunset gel across the sky today.
Really?
Okay, how about a loaf of sourdough?
Whoah! How come you didn't draw the rest of the slashes across the top?
A Nintendo?
Districated by Lyle | balsamic reduction burned | dinner is ruined
Wow, you really CAN drink five shots of Cuervo!
I'm pretty faded. I'm gonna call it.
I saw some cops outside just a few minutes ago. Can you stand on one foot.
What in the hell are you talking about?
Wow, he's right! This camera was made in Mexico
Wow. What if we took a picture of Pat?
It's live! It's live! Barry just went live! Day Three!
Oh my god! Awesome! Awesome! Absolutely no way!
Merry Crishmash, Philippe!
Here comes Lyle with your present!
Ha ha!
Really? You put it there?
What else have you been in on?
That's his therapy for something that happened to him as a pup.
Crap, Pat showed up. I think I'll hang back.
Whoops, I hit the two-way.
Conniptions?
Maybe Ray wasn't joking with all that yelling! What if he's having a stroke?
Pat! Play just one single note!
Huh? Oh, not really. I mean, my ancestors were, but I don't observe.
Who's supposed to be stupid? Your butt? Your nose?
I've never seen a woman act that way. Ever. And I don't think that shirt is the solution.
You made that on a laser printer! That's not even a product!
...and?
Um ... you've probably noticed that I'm not ... not exactly a ... HUMAN man ...
So! You're from Las Vegas! I hear ... I hear good things about the City of A Thousand Stars.
... aren't 80's movies just so funny? It's like ... ha ha! The hair! They're so funny! Except Rain Man. That was a very serious movie ... don't you think?
So are you having a good time tonight or what?
I mean ... wherever you are ...
CORNELIUS! IT'S TÉODOR! HOW ARE YOU DOING! HAI-EEEEEEEE!
Sorry, how about that new tattoo, huh! That was really ballsy!
How's your campaign coming, Philippe?
Did you put all your platform ideas on Post-its like I suggested?
AGH! The fucking dog! What is it, five AM? Why don't they trim her god-damned nails?!
Dammit, she's not gonna stop prancing around until she gets her breakfast.
Christ do I hate this place. Ugh oh god too early for pants.
Yeah, no one's gonna see me.
Okay, that's everything through putting the reception trash out at the curb. Just need a one hour power-nap.
They get made into dog food.
Is that Nice Pete? What's he doing in our garage?
Gasp!
Hey Ray, it's Téodor.
Is Circus Penis there?
What do you mean he went back to LA?
Yeah, I know he lives there, wise-ass, but we -
Yeah, of course this is about the Circus Penis Army.
I finally finished our uniforms.
He said I took too long?
Well, why didn't he say anything to ME?
He "realized a little too late that I was a ditherer"?!
Oh, this is great, coming from you.
Yeah, actually I DO care to explain that!
You score more weed than the toilet at the airport!
...alright, I give up. What do I stand to learn from the toilet at the airport?
Not to go around making a lot of big promises. Thanks, Ray.
Hey, man! You feel like throwin' on a flick?
Sorry, man. I was already in the neighborhood.
Because I was coming over.
So, what're you snackin' on there? Some kind of canapé?
Round tortilla chips with torn-off bits of Kraft Singles?
That it's melted cheese on chips.
Oh, right. That's exactly what's going on.
You got any Tabasco?
See, the Tabasco works because the bite needed moisture and a top note of acid.
You know what? We should crumble all this stuff up and stir it in with some scrambled eggs and salsa.
Like chilaquiles, or migas.
Can he pay?
What kind of logo is he lookin' for?
There, how's that.
Hold on, do you like it or not?
This drum machine utterly confounds me.
Philippe is standing on it.
What's that, a walkie-talkie?
We've got one of those-- what are you tuned in to?
Hey, that's Roast Beef!
You know, Ray wrote a romance novel a couple years back. He doesn't like to talk about it.
Yeah. I think I have a copy in my room.
This is it? Where are the blood-vomiting winos and toothless huffer-sluts?
Better get someplace high and look around
Oh my god! A piece of an old closet door with pages from Swedish Erotica #34 pasted to the inside!
My friend Justin and I had this one when I was a kid...wow...
Sure!
There... now flatten the gum across the tip of your tongue and press it against the inside of your lips.
No...not quite like that. Let's try again. Flatten your gum out around the tip of your tongue like it was a little helmet.
Letter for you from Harlequin Romance. Want me to toss it?
You're writing romance now?
Mind if I read some?
Lyle, wo ist unser TV?
Ach! Es gibt ein Erscheinen über Blut heute abend.
Im Thuringen sagen sie…
Hunde mögen nicht Frucht…
Hunde mögen bumsen und schlafen!
What are you doing, Lyle?
Gross! You don't know where it's been!
What if it was on some septic, lactating crackhead?
Can male crackheads actually lactate?
I'll pass. I'm allergic to dude-milk.
BOO TO THAT
IT MUST BE
SHOOT IT! SHOOT IT, RAY!
DO IT! HE'S STILL ALIVE! HE'S IN AGONY!
THIS ISN'T LIKE THAT! HE'S TURNING IN CIRCLES! HE...HE WANTS TO SEE WHY HE'S IN PAIN! SHOOT HIM OR I WILL!
_I'M_ A LOT OF THINGS? WHAT ABOUT YOU! YOU BOUGHT A HEAD! MAYBE YOU'RE A LITTLE STUPID WITH YOUR MONEY, RAY! YOU EVER THINK ABOUT THAT?
Lie Bot, would you like to join us for dinner?
Just hang out with us! You don't always have to go into the garage while we eat.
Well sorry! I just thought I'd ask!
Alright, Beef. Vlad's here to help you with romantic etiquette.
Circus Penis? Yeah, This is Téodor!
I... Troy Harlem! You sent me to stud in "SoftBoys: Picnic Panic"? Yeah, that's me!
Well, that's because I AM grouchy!
Why? Because you sent me to star in a gay porn film and didn't tell me!
Is this how you haze new guys? Make them drink antique cocktails with Rod Huggins?
I- what? Are you continuing to kid around with me, Penis?
So what is the Circus Penis army for? What will we do?
Uh huh. Are you more laurel wreath or monogrammed terrycloth sweatband?
Um, I dunno. I'm not really in very good shape right now?
I...I don't know.
This might sound kind of naive, but how do you keep your parents from finding out?
That you're a porn star.
Wow, you can think them up just like that?
How do you do that so fast?!
So how'd the concert go?
Such fine lines can get blurry.
Ahem! Gentlemen! If I may!
Wow.
Can...can I help?
Hm. Lazarus is going to make a stink if he sees you...we'll have to trick Ray somehow.
How's fattening up for winter going, Todd?
Do you need me to cook you a bunch of casseroles or something?
Yeah?
Sure, Todd. You want me to film it?
Wow.
Look at ME!
Look at the genius!
You sold 34 million albums, Ray! This is unbelievable!
Oh my god! You've already got a stable?
Well, sure...how many -
What?
Todd, can you hear us?
Look, we saw you drive down the stairs. Are you okay?
What's the matter? Are you bleeding?
Okay, so for the wedding menu -- did you guys have anything in mind?
--so he wants to drink wine that taste like it got to third base with a schnauzer?
Yeah it was like drinking a melted Iditarod. I was all, "DID THE DOGS JUST DO NUMBER ONE WHEREVER?" and the flavor was all, "WORK IT OUT, EINSTEIN."
Stop thinking about scoring with her, you lousy bastard.
With no family around, it must be really hard. You want to... to talk about it?
Quit saying the right thing! And quit getting hard!
Quit knowing this is exactly how you'd hold her during lovemaking! Quit smelling her hair! Quit seeing her peaceful face on your pillow in the pale blue cast of dawn!
I guess Johnny Carson had to drive something. So what?
You don't have that car. You have a picture of that car. How... how long have you been awake for? You should drink liquids.
You know what? If I ever made my money and could settle back, I'd open the pizza parlor we all went to as little kids.
Real cotton gingham tablecloths...all the walls in dark wood, amber-pebbled plastic tumblers for water...
Blue cheese, Ranch, Russian, French, Thousand Island!
Do you know how hard it is to write when you're all high on prescription codeine cough syrup?
RAY? BEEF? You guys around?!
Oh wow, Oregon Trail! I haven't played this in years!
Let's see here... got to buy a wagon and supplies...
some strong horses...
get them shoed...
Wow!
"Accept!"
Holy smokes!
"Thank you Hiram!"
"That's cool"
sigh.
All I do is put on my pants, watch reruns on YouTube, then take my pants back off again and stuff myself into bed. I don't even play the guitar anymore, and when I get hungry I just flip through the same six takeout menus.
Philippe! I'm making Five Dollar Chili! Come on down!
That's no way to diet! Come on down and I'll make you a salad.
OK!
Twice!
What?!
Why are you asking me about that?
What makes you say that?
This is no good? I thought it looked pretty porny.
What do you mean by "your" tops? I thought Jim was the director.
Okay, why do you want to have a meeting with Mexico?
For the President of Mexico?
I strongly doubt the Mexican President's flight crew cooks him tacos.
What? Why?
Our candidate thinks the President of Mexico's private plane has a dirt floor.
You had a bunch of stuff overflowing your mailbox. Here.
"Tostada" magazine? What's that all about?
A tostada's a flat crispy tortilla with ingredients on it. How do they fill it up... sixty-four pages each month?
Hmm. The edges kind of come up like a taco salad, and it's got processed-looking cubed meat.
He took off as soon as you got hurt.
Very good! How come? Why is it sad and bad?
Philippe, please stop writing this down. Ray got hurt today. Not everything he says should be public.
What's up with Ray and that wig?
Really.
I know. I think the whole production system shuts down for like a month every time a new case pops up.
The cooler's still there! It must have just been a cheesy TV smoke missile!
...some doctored-up Estes Comanche with a D engine, covered in more black paint!
This interface isn't so bad. Let's see...Rescue: Grappling Hook: Drop: Begin.
Philippe?
Cornelius! Package from England!
It's from...Shrovis-Bishopthorpe? It feels like...like a sturdy new head for a spade.
Huh?
Okay.
You got a box that weighs fifty pounds and smells like Sean Connery's neck at a wedding. Where do you want me to put it?
"--that the oils from the Sherry cask have had time to..." damn, how did Ray already memorize this month's Playboy Advisor?
Dude, you should read this book! This chick in a little apartment in New York cooks all 524 of the recipes in Julia Child's "Mastering the Art of French Cooking" in one year!
Even the old-school stuff with brain and aspics!
Whatcha doin', Ray?
Yeah, those are called "fonts."
Here, let me help you with that.
Heh!
What?
Wow, you wrote a book?
Shut up, dude! We're worried about something else! Philippe has an Internet sex stalker!
I... what do you mean?
How did you know about Nolan?
How did you know Nolan was about to molest Philippe?
They always say the weirdest stuff "makes you strong."
You would if the economy of the brother's village was based on riding a bicycle with no tires past a broken crate.
Who's cussing?
What is he cussing about?
In a manner of speaking.
Hey, have you guys heard of Parkour?
It's a new sport-philosophy where the urban landscape is treated as an obstacle course!
KRAFTWERK is touring the US again this month. If you plan to attend their shows, expect to be surrounded by bearded, aviator-sporting white UNIX geeks who cry so hard during "COMPUTER LOVE" that the ten year old sons they brought to the show with them wriggle free from their bear-hugs and look for someone to talk about DEREK JETER with.
FACT: At a Santa Monica party in June of '98, routinely unmedicated barre-chorder COURTNEY LOVE blew actor MICHAEL MADSEN so hard that she broke her arm. Madsen, while uninjured, remained seriously blown for several hours.
THINK ABOUT IT: The only actual member of U2 is FLOOD. The others are just four Irishmen who have agreed not to age badly.
DURING HIS BEDRIDDEN YEARS, BRIAN WILSON told his wife that he once made a "funicolare" out of a piece of kite string tied from his bedpost to a shoe on the floor. This enabled the ants, he said, to grab the bookers that had dried to the wood and carry them safely down into the show.
STEPHIN MERRIT and GUIDED BY VOICES have a lot in common. Wait, they only have one thing in common: 5% of their songs are not complete jag-off.
SPOTTED DICK: MICHAEL STIPE, vegan, sat at the counter on a recent episode of MARIO BATALI's cooking show. Michael ate none of the food given to him. He only went on the show so the famously rotund chef would by comparison enhance Stipe's devastating jawline.
IS COLDPLAY THE NEXT U2? No, they just use U2's musical techniques to create music that sounds like U2. It's frustrating for everyone.
Ray? What are you doing up this early?
I'm not sure what you mean. I don't know if what you're saying means anything.
I ... alright. Fine. Yes, I have a problem. A pretty bad problem, actually.
Philippe's lost somewhere in the Transfer Station out in the marshes. I'm there now, but I can't find him.
If you're gonna help, come help! I feel bad enough as it is!
HOLY JEEZ! HOW'D YOU GET HERE SO FAST?!
Oh! Uh ... hi Nice Pete!
Oh my god! He killed Pat!
They always murder the guy they confess to! Oh no! Why couldn't I have been outside just now?!
Oh! Uh ... sure! I'd be glad to!
Dude! Beef and Molly just got engaged! Emergency party at Ray's!
Did you hear me? I don't care how hard you just threw up at a football!
Whatever. We'll be at Ray's. You might want to come say congratulations.
Yes sir!
Wait, does he think I'm gay? He thinks I'm gay! Just because I'm a designer!
I...uh...I guess I...
Sure I can play the bass. Anyone can play the bass. It's an idiot's instrument. It was invented so the guitarist and drummer would qualify for the carpool lane.
Well, Sting has an IQ of 103, so as you can see it's just a high-functioning generalization. What's up?
That's weird. What's the deal?
That sucks. Where do I show up?
Oh! Good! My new books from Amazon.
Just some stuff to help me with Philippe. He's been going through phases lately, and asking a lot of questions.
What? How come?
Whoah, you're right! What the hell is going on here?
Hey man, we just set up a badminton court! Come play!
Oh come on! Take the afternoon off!
Yeah, and they're all bogus sex and drinking questions from twelve year-olds! Come on!
Hey, anybody can use the Internet.
How's this sapphic erotica contest gonna be judged?
Wait. Have you ever actually tried writing under those conditions?
Let's do a little test. Sit at my computer and type an original line of sapphic erotica, and I'll be a bar full of lesbians.
BOOOOO! WHY WAIT SO LONG TO FUCK!? COME DOWN HERE AND FLICK MY BEAN, UMBERTO ECO! THINK INSIDE MY BOX, MANDORA!
The hell they don't. You think when they get together without men, they get pruder?
It's not their sexual preferences you need to think about, and it's not their femininity.
They've got thick skins and quick instincts from a lifetime of reading the situation ahead of everyone else. There's no way you can write to them if you don't know them.
When I win it, I get to be Founder of Williams-Sonoma, right?
Alright, cool. How do you want me to play it?
Got it. One sec.
Take a chill pill, sista'! Sheesh! If you leaked any more pussy nougat, you'd be a Quimarello!
Alright, Ray. It looks like you get the next storyline.
ahem
"Ray reads Fast Food Nation and decides to become a Vegan."
Hold your horses, there's more to it.
"He eats so many Tofutti-Cuties that he dies of ice cream headache."
Maybe you're finally going to hell for selling your soul to the devil for that magical piano!
Nothing. It's been over a year and that storyline never saw closure.
Huh. I think you still hear about it being listened to in Finland, which is pretty much the world's musical toilet drain, so yeah.
Is there anything good about Finland? Let's pull up Wikipedia.
Ray? You around? There are like sixteen potato bugs in the pool, and I told Phillipe I'd take him swimming, but I can't find the -
Put that down! It might be some kind of doll insert!
Oh, crap. If I weren't such a disgusting loser, my mind wouldn't be trained to see the world in terms of the orifices it presents me.
It's... Grown-ups have dolls too, you know, but they need them to do grown-up things.
Oh, wait! It's an Empire Voice Donut! I haven't seen one of these in ages... I wonder if it still works...
You talk through it, and you can have any accent you can think of! Watch!
Yarrh! I be a venomous Leprechaun with spikes on both me knees and a shillelagh where me heart should be!
Hold on a sec...
Everybody always says that. What an empty thread. Why Canada? Why not Tokyo? Why not Adelaide?
Name one good thing about Canada besides rain, rained-on cement, and the fact that a moose can legally eat the microphones at important state functions.
Good luck, moron! Have fun paying for gas, sewer, water, and electric with compressed pellets of your own dander!
I'm a naked boy and I'm going to drink milk... with drugs in it! Horrorshow!
I bought some Beethoven LPs and now I'm going to kick all my friends in the bonch!
Why, because you look like Stan Laurel in a sourdough codpiece?
Just wait 'til the doctors make me watch eight millimeter Balkan hitting-porn and looping root canals! I'll be a changed man then, old Dim!
Beef! Snap out of it!
Beef! Wake up!
We don't have time to wipe poo off of Roast Beef's foot and wait for him to come to! We have to go save Philippe!
Fine! I'll go into the dump alone and let the junkies play darts with me!
Hey, someone's at the door.
Stanley Tucci!
I want him to seem like he wonders if he cares about anything. But in a good way.
That's a good reaction. That's a very good reaction to a new mascot. What'll his name be?
Lyle, did you just kick my basketball?
Don't do that! It makes it go out-of-round.
Oh yeah? Would you kick..._Jesus?_
You can't kick Jesus! Are you retarded?!
You can't do anything mean to Jesus!
This is ridiculous.
What? How come?
It sounds like you're annoyed.
When was the last time you even went on a date?
You've got money. Call a prostitute. Quit yelling about groceries.
My go, Ray! I'LL blow you if it'll shut you up for five seconds!
Probably to the transfer station over in the marshes.
Okay, I finished shooting his "top" footage. He's taking a shower.
Right. Now go into the next room, and turn out the lights before busting in. It'll look better on film if you come in from the dark.
These walls are just fifty year-old sheetrock. They'll crumble like dried sand.
Alright, ray! Rolling! Battery's dying, no time to waste!
Thanks for reading my comic strip today!
Maybe they're going for a walk.
I do.
Hubba Hubba!
You mean how they locked us inside of a self-immolating vehicle because we sounded high and we only got out when I had the critical wherewithal to kick through the cracked windshield?
You mean outside of the cremation protocol loop they never QA'ed?
Make 'em sweat it. What's the extra good news?
Washing dishes at refried bean restaurants ?
Why don't you teach a class in real-world restaurant culture at the cooking school?
Put together a proposal for a lesson plan, I'll type it up for you and hammer out the language. I used to do a bit of copy-writing, I can mimic that kind of thing.
The new computer's here!
What's this? UNIX?!
I typed "start." Nothing. Nothing!
Pat? Philippe wants to know if he can come look at your aquarium today.
Well, you do. What? What's the problem?
ZZZZZ
AGH! What the hell, Vlad?
What's with this whole Tough Guy thing, anyway?
What happened to "Be Like Jared"?
Well, he doesn't really make me feel good about food, if that's what you're saying.
Yeah, that's good...liquor.
Uh...a twist.
Alright, Ray. It looks like you get the next storyline.
ahem
"Ray reads Fast Food Nation and decides to become a vegan."
Hold your horses, there's more to it.
"He eats so many Tofutti-Cuties that he dies of ice cream headache."
Maybe you're finally going to go to hell for selling your soul to the devil for that magical piano!
Nothin. It's been over a year and that storyline never saw closure.
So, where'd you grow up?
That sounds like a really beautiful place to grow up.
Oh, check it out! I'm making a fake Yahoo Personals ad for Ray!
And remember, the world is designed to function around suffering. If we took away suffering, the world's economies would collapse. Total system failure; chaos. Most jobs would simply be abandoned.
What we have here is a dangerous, terrible secret.
Wait. We mustn't destroy them - we must hide them in an unfindable place.
Don't tell me my motives! How dare you! You've been incidental here, Ray!
So, Todd, how is this year's acorn crop?
Really?
Oh! A dead squirrel body. I thought you meant like a real dead body.
Hey, whoah. I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way. How did your cousin die?
Heh! Dude, I think I'm becoming a Dead Head! Listen to how fun this song is!
If even half of them are this good, its Dead Head city, sell the car, baby!
GAG! COUGH!
This is horrible! I'd rather mail vomit to my grandmother then listen to this for even one more second!
Jesus, these guyus could bore a nuclear explosion back into its shell! I mean, at least you can tap your foot to an incoming fax!
Ray, turn on 60 Minutes! Andy Rooney's talking about you!
GUYS! COME QUICK! I FOUND THE SON OF A BITCH THAT INVENTED COMIC SANS!
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE RUNNING FROM?! THE DISEASE IS INSIDE OF YOU!
It breathed like warm liquid. I reamed the tweezer hair and stuck it up
I threw Todd away?
Well...yeah, but I thought someone had used the thing as a toilet and left it in the hall.
Jesus, listen to me. Gettin' mistaken for shit in a wadded-up hoody is pretty sad. I'll go apologize to him
A ten? Wait, hold on—you guys are hustling me! You did a Roseanne in some sweatshirt and now you're tryin' to cash in on it!
Pat's dying up there! We gotta help him!
Lyle! Philippe! Beef! Follow me!
What are you writing today, Cornelius?
"A man, a woman, and a carrot with lice."
Can I see what you have so far?
How does he write women so well?
Todd! I thought you died and went to heaven!
How'd you get out this time?
What had you been doing for the other three months?
Wow. When you go to heaven, you kind of make a little prison stint out of it. Were you anybody's heaven-bitch?
I didn't know you were always getting terror-laid in the big house. Maybe you ought to clean up your act, dude.
Look, if you think you can buy out my politics then you're dead wrong. Whats gotten into you lately, Ray?!
And what's with the one loafer? Are you supposed to be the Micheal Jackson of the G.O.P.?
Nice talking shoe, dork. Does Sharper Image still comp your limo rides to the mall?
Damn! Shanked it.
Is that Ray's novelty loafer? What in the heck is it doing here?
Typical of him to throw high-end garbage around.
Whoah! What?!
BOO TO THAT
Lyle, dónde está nuestro VCR normal?
¡No! ¡No! Nuestro VCR es un , pero este VCR se llama !
Alright, this one's called "Vodka." What do you think of it?
This one says "Bourbon" on it. Is it different?
Okay, that was "Tequila." How does it compare?
Ray! What are you teaching Philippe?!
He just quoted me a bunch of statistics about "the evils of the liberal agenda!"
The FIRST amendment is the one about freedom of speech.
The TENTH allows states powers in addition to but not in conflict with those enumerated in the Constitution.
I AM! You paid me three hundred bucks to be Philippe's Vice President!
We went to the ATM together, you dope!
Where have you guys been?
Wow, did you have a good time?
Why not?
Oh my god, tomorrow's rent day!
WAIT! I can have a garage sale! I've got albums, CDs, old cooking stuff, golf clubs, tools, skateboards, amps, good clothes, laser printer paper...
Let me go get my friend.
Why is obsolete tax paperwork for sale?
Heh, sorry about that. Let me throw it away.
We made eighteen hundred dollars selling chipped egg cups and gummy scissors to people who squashed the backs of their shoes down with their heels instead of working their heels all the way into their shoes?
Is that a silverfish?
Wow! Todd! I haven't seen you in a while! Are you fat now?
Do inmates really screw stomas?
Yeah, uh, a driver is a small file that tells the computer how to communicate with specific types of hardw--
Hey! Is this that Queer Eye For The Straight Guy show?
Wait till they get finished with him. I saw the previews, It's amazing
You know what?! We oughta do somethin' like this with Roast Beef! I bet he cleans up real well!
Let's get cameras and stuff and document it!
We could totally ride the wave!
The first thing we did was get Beef a brand new Power Mac G5!
Oh. Wow. Look what it did to me, but it left the bowling ball alone!
And then we took a picture of me holding your senior portrait?
I look fantastic! How's this happening?
Whoah, look! It's changing!
Ohmigod! It's A-ha! I must have won that raffle!
Hey Pat, you wanna go check out Ray's new brew pub?
Come on, it'll be a good time!
It's just Cowell.
Huh!
Philippe! Did you use your emergency credit card to sign up for this SmileCash thing?
Well, did you?
It... can't explode.
Allow me to introduce my new invention, the "cumbrella."
It's for keeping the cum off you when you walk down the street!
That's why I've written a new book!
Jesus, why was he being so weird about this video?
Whoah! "Oskar und Reiner's Schvitz Party"? How did this get in the case?
I wonder what this stuff is like, anyway...I'd better watch it in my room...
No. I should be confident enough in my sexuality that I can watch this in front of people. Besides, I can just tell the truth: it was in a DVD I borrowed from Ray.
I--No! It's Superman! He's having a really bad day! Don't look!
What is it?
Oh man! You got us Urine cop!
I don't think so. Why?
Todd! What's with the foil helmet?
He won't say.
You keepin' the voices out, Todd?
What?! What is it?
Yeah, hopefully tonight.
...does it remind you of anyone?
Really? You could tell right away?
Hm. Do you think it might be TOO awesome?
Your email service examines your incoming mail, and if it contains spam keywords, it puts it in a junk folder. It's usually pretty accurate.
Come over and enter your password. I won't look.
Hey! Is this that Queer Eye For The Straight Guy show?
Wait 'til they get finished with him. I saw the previews, It's amazing.
You know what?! We oughta do somethin' like this with Roast Beef! I bet he cleans up real well!
We could totally ride the wave!
The first thing we did was get Beef a brand new Power Mac G5!
Penny_in_a_fountain thinks we should meet! She says I'm "funny"!
Las Vegas.
There's that old car in the garage. What do you say?
I'll tell her we're on our way.
boobies
I'll lay into the beer once you tell me how we're going to use this helicopter to find Philippe.
I don't want to do this right now! How are we gonna find him?!
How about an RV and an all-expenses-paid minigolf tour of the fifty states?
This is an original daguerreotype, Ray! How much did you pay for it?!
We've got to get this on Antiques Roadshow! This is incredible!
Oh my God...Jack Chick tracts? I haven't seen these since high school...
I can't give him this stuff...but what do I do if his mom calls? She might yank him from here and have him sent someplace more...even worse...
I'll mix in little comic tracts that look like these, and at least that way he'll be able to choose from a variety of ideas.
Who could forget?
Alright, let me quiz you.
Answer this: "Can you tell me when the next train to the community center is?"
Huh. Okay..."How is the economy lately?"
Doorbell! Gotta go.
Wow. It's uncanny!
What's the deal with his Dad? How come we never hear about him?
How do you make your Dad move to Portland?
Well, if these magic camera photos of the true Pat mean anything, he's in massive self-denial about being just like his dad.
He'd just say we Photoshopped them, and that we were huge jerks.
Maybe we could get him into situations that encourage him to come out of the closet?
I mean like invite his dad down so they can have it out. One big breakthrough might set another in motion, you know?
Sure did! 2.8GHz Pentium 4 with 800MHz frontside bus, 12X DVD+-R, over a gig of DDR RAM... take it for a spin!
Dude, what time is it?
Oh, crap. I was supposed to tuck Philippe in tonight. I'm the only one at the house right now.
I wish. If someone doesn't tuck him in and read him a few chapters of Rock Star Soccer Robot 9, he won't go to sleep.
This is an original daguerreotype, Ray! How much did you pay for it?!
We've got to get this on Antiques Roadshow! This is incredible!
Jeez, Philippe. You look like death warmed over. Have you not been sleeping?
This...this doesn't even... even by Sharper Image standards...doesn't...
Okay...think. Common household or lifestyle problem "solved" with low amperage or ethno-mentional unitasker...
"Sands of India Ball Peen Snow Globe Cheese Hammer" no... NO...
Waltz of the Magyars Birthday Omelette Suggestion Pan!
Hey Ray! You wanna help me fix up a BOAT?
My dad just gave it to me! He got one of those fancy bass boats and handed me down his old one.
You really blew it this time!
It'll update automatically! Shut up, Lyle!
So, what's new on the gourmet black market, Ray?
Wow!
So Pat was pretty mad?
...yeah
I don't blame you.
So are you and Tina still separated?
Really? I thought you guys always got back together.
Like what?
You like to wear socks in bed?
Lie Bot, what is the best cheese for nachos?
Philippe! Why are your shoes plugged into the wall?
What? What do they do?
Wow! Can it write like...Tony Robbins?
Huh! How about...Garrison Keillor?
Boo badda boo boo ba ba
ooooo-k-a-a-a-y
Some documentary on Laika, that dog the Russians shot into space.
I wonder what was going through her head.
That's harsh. Why didn't they just launch a stuffed dog instead? They didn't learn anything.
If you think about it even medium-hard, launching a scared little dog into outer space with no intention of getting it back is a seriously fucked thing to do.
They any sluts up ins?
'Cause you know I ain't never go nowhere 'less they be mad sluts at that plac!
Hode on, I got to tip the little Panama boy what vacuums my dropped gerunds out the bottom of the Escalade. Chocolate love, all.
Hey guys! Guess who just got...
yelllled
aaat!
Whoah! Why are you sitting around watching gay porn?
So, I guess we never really got introduced...I'm Téodor.
What...what's your name?
I'm Téodor. What do they call you?
Yeah, but what can you do.
Yeah, I can still do Photoshop stuff.
Thanks. I'm particularly proud of the finishing "e".
Thanks, Ray.
Whoah, are you learning guitar?
This is an original 1960's Rickenbacker!
Oh my GOD!
And these effects pedals... I've never seen some these! What's this one do?
Like a pitch corrector?
Who wants pork chops?
Thank you!
Now try them with applesauce.
Check it out, Pat got a new bumper sticker.
It's the... isn't... didn't he used to... by the one with the...?
You're ready?
Good LORD, Ray! When did you learn to play like that?
Sure!
Hey, you got one of those new Japanese toilets! What's it do?
That makes kissing sound twisted! There's no need for the word.
Jake Sully
We are mated before Eywa now
Seriously, what is this thing? A toupee for your Diner's Club credit card?
Why do you need it?
What were you searching for that could possibly be confused with "vagina wig"?
Golf clubs are not within six degrees of vagina wigs, I don't care how bad your game is.
What's Alberquist Hall? I've never heard of it.
Jesus, man. Don't act like I've never heard of stuff that isn't good before.
What? I didn't tell you to do that.
How do you make the computer make the letters?
Listen, I'm about to order tacos. Do you want any.
Screw you for eating all the Rolos! Everybody was supposed to get some of those!
Come jogging in the backyard with me!
Why not?
Just jog in the buff! No one's gonna see.
Come on, I'll do it too!
Come on, man! Let's do this!
You...called, Pete?
...yes?
How come?
Maybe think of things you love instead of a woman, then go back later and replace them.
I know who you are, Ray. Is this about your startup company?
Is this that Excel thing that Roast Beef made for his online programming class?
Yeah. Pretty impressive craftsmanship on that thing--did you commission it?
Sure. Where'd you get it.
You can't buy body parts on eBay. The have a policy.
Sheesh. Figures.
What are you going to do with it?
Parrots.
You see the Loon's head on eBay, you Buy Now and ask questions later, I suppose.
You know, I wouldn't be surprised. In death as he was in life, etc.
Eeesh. That seems like exactly the kind of thing that would make the head come alive and start biting at me.
I...okay...
Hey, Philippe, look! I got a police scanner!
You can listen in on police cars and see what they're doing!
I--wait. This is gay? Did Jim's battery really die, or did he just duck out so you could let me off gracefully?
Jesus!
So we were supposed to get hot and heavy on that picnic blanket?
How come you gave me a drink and didn't just tell me to leave?
Why all the rigmarole?
You're liquoring me up to see if you can get me onto this blanket and do Maximum Cuddles with you!
That's the most that two men can possibly cuddle!
I know an ulterior motive when I see one, pal. I watch enough Law & Order to kill a horse.
Oh, and a Brandy 'Flip' has an egg, not an Alexander. That's just crass. Ciao.
Hey, that sounds like Pat!
Yeah, that's definitely Pat. I wonder where he's hiding?
Well, that was kinda lame. What are we gonna do next, vote?
They locked me up 'cause I hit my old lady. What can I say? The bitch had it coming.
You're on Ray's helicopter. We found you lost at sea.
Philippe, that couch was pretty worn out, and the dog had had a lot of problems on it.
Philippe, let me tell you a little something about how a couch thinks and how it plans its life.
You see, a couch has a pretty hard job. It has to hold serveral hundred pounds of people on its lap, often for hours at a time.
And sometimes they even have gas-- even if they can't help it! -- or really drippy taquitos, or the dog can't find any other place to get pregnant...
So during all those times a couch just thinks about its retirement days in China.
Yeah. He was pretty smart, our old couch. And he did his job good, didn't he?
Now, maybe if you learn Chinese just good enough, we can visit him someday!
I'm just trying to get some paper towels, Philippe.
Okay, okay. I'm listening.
Is that a statistic?
Well, how are you going to cure sadness?
Penny...
I hope so.
Not likely.
Et voila! I have a copy for myself so we can compare notes.
What? What's the matter? You look like I just handed you a ticket to go see owls get strangled.
Don't lie! That's not how you act when you're happy about something!
Oh, right. That's your big thing these days.
You know what grows around here? Raccoons. Front lawns and raccoons. How about a raccoon tikka masala? Blue fescue pesto?
Fine! They can go back to the motel and eat ranch dressing over microwave rice, just like at home!
I'LL KNOW YOU'RE MARRIED WHEN I SMELL THE ALPO BAR!
What's up?
Holy cripes!
If you're sick, you're supposed to stay in bed all day.
What are you doing?! You're supposed to be sick!
Pass the dutchie, old man.
I can only do those for pay, Philippe. They take a lot of time.
Yeah, I set it up so that the second monitor shows exactly what's happening on Ray's computer.
Weird... he just Googled for a picture of Mt. Everest...
And made it his desktop!
...he chooses one...
My pleasure, Ray.
Not too dirty, was it?
Wow, look at that watch!
What does it do? It's huge!
It's alright, we got him a special kid computer that can only take him to kid websites.
Ray! Want to help me convert an old diesel car to run on used restaurant oil?
Seriously, the kits are really cheap! I think I'm onto something big. Think how lucrative the alternative fuel market is going to be. It's literally there for the taking. Let's get our hands dirty and learn the industry from the inside out!
Imagine being in on the ground floor of the next chapter in fuel history! You'd be a robber baron! The next Rockefeller!
My god, maybe he's actually thinking about it! I think I tipped him! AND he's got enough juice to make it happen!
Yeah.
So, what?
I think about her in my private moments.
Rent?! It's the first of the month already? Oh Christ, I haven't got a dime!
I'll...sell..sandwiches! I'll throw some stuff from the fridge in a cooler and make them where workers are...my angle can be "made to order," they'll like that...
URRRGH!
God...who put these condiments up so high...these both look like my horseradishes...no time to see which is full...bring 'em both...
Here you go, sir! One fine baloney and horseradish with lettuce slices, made to your order! Thank you for your business!
Let me check! I do keep a variety of styles...
What?!
Alrighty, then! Thanks!
Whoah! What's with the owl?
Neat. What are the other guys doing?
EEEEEAAUGH!
EEEEEAAUGH!
EEEEEAAUGH!
This drum machine utterly confounds me.
Philippe is standing on it.
What's the matter?
I thought only women courtesy flushed.
Maybe we can hire a woman to teach Lyle how to use the bathroom in a way that doesn't hurt others.
Well, I know she's had worse gigs, and Beef does want a pretty big new monitor for Christmas.
She's at her sister's house in Berkeley. She said they might swing by here later on.
Whatever. Leave me alone, Lyle.
Take a hike.
I'm trying to concentrate! Go bug someone else.
Word up! I look just like Archie!
Hey look! He's not barking at Cornelius! He's...he's sitting down!
Wait, did he just...
I think we all have some adjusting to do, my love.
Who eats braised ivy? And what was with that owl all smeared in mayonnaise? That was depressing.
A fox fighting an eel, suspended in aspic. It was like a Nine Inch Nails video.
Is Ray...retarded now?
What's the good news?
Ray? RAY?
Snap out of it, Ray!
Hey! HEY! Wake UP!
What the...spray-painted styrofoam discs?
Whoah, it's Vlad!
Ha ha!
Nice!
You'll know for sure?
Alright!
That's pretty good, isn't it!
...long, deep kisses...
Oh no way! This guy's using his Blackberry to blog the Fight from inside the Acres! That's gotta be a first.
Let's see if there's anything about Ray
He took Sipes?! Oh my god! GO RAY!
Ray wouldn't roll with guys like that! What's goin' on? And what's with this "best mate" stuff?
Nice. I couldn't figure out if I should call him or not.
Hey Pat, this is Téodor. Hey... I just wanted to say, uh...good job on...well...congratulations on coming out. I mean, of the closet. The...gay...closet. Yesterday.
Why?
Aren't there certain cars that gay guys like better than sedans? Like red Jeep Wranglers, I think that's one.
You might also want to include that in a written note, because Pat will have no idea why you just bought him a sedan.
It's for Todd.
Go, then!
THE BOILING LOG
Dude, did you just invent... hip-hobbit?
Beat box my dwarf-core, dude! Ready?
All right, I'll take a crack at it.
Harry sat on the edge of the diving board, intently tracing circles in the deep end with his toe. Had it all been a dream?
Ron exploded from the water like a jubliant dolphin. No, Harry smiles - it hadn't. Ron had come over at some point and jumped into the pool.
"Hey Ron," he asked, "Do you fancy some Burger King?" Harry fancied some Burger King, but knew that Ron was dicey about eating. "Oh," Ron answered. "Maybe a milkshake. You driving?"
"No, Hermione's driving," Harry answered. "She just took delivery of that large brown Barracuda." "Oh. Right. I'm not oging to feel safe in that thing, you know." "Come on, Ron. Just come to Burger King with us. We'll only take surface streets, no freeways, and I'll make the payment for your milkshake."
"Fucking hell," Ron sighed, climbing out of the water. "I'm not even hungry."
Hagrid, stoned out of his gourd, emerged from the house. He was playing virtual poker on his wireless laptop, and his robe hung open. His tremendous canvas briefs were visible, and a large diamond stud sparkled on his earlobe. Oblivious to his surroundings, he took a misstep and fell into the pool. He tried to chuck the laptop to safety, but it clattered into the spa.
Ron and Harry winced and looked downward.
"We made too much money," said Harry. "Yes," said Ron, quietly. "We made too much money."
Mr. Vice President, you have a remarkable voting record in Congress. In your considerable term there, you voted against:
Meals on Wheels for senior citizens, a holiday recognizing Martin Luther King, the release of Nelson Mandela...
... free headphones in coach class, nets of any kind on public school basketball hoops, self-adhesive stamps, USB ports...
... journalists have even uncovered the rough workings of a bill, sponsored by you, that would criminalize, quote,
"all telephone handsets not connected to the cradle by means of a curly wire."
WHOA! I'm in the backyard for five minutes and you guys go Off-Broadway? What the hell?!
No, this is me spending the rest of my natural born life at the bottom of the prison food chain! Close the blinds and take that banana out of your shorts!
Jesus Christ, Lyle! Does our front window always have to be a glimpse into the think tank for deadly sins eight through fourteen?
Alright, I've got a pair of Kings.
Oooh! Damn.
Looking at the same tit longer than anyone
Go for it.
NOOOO!
You grounded him without even knowing what he was doing out there?
How long's he grounded for?
Huh! What's in Spaghetti's Dad?
A steak on top of spaghetti?
In your taxonomy, steak is the logical ancestor of spaghetti?
Yeah, it just showed up. I can't believe you used FedEx. I could have just walked over and tasted it and saved you the fifty bucks.
Alright, i'll call you later.
Sheesh, he didn't need to pay for Next Business Morning. I didn't even get up until one.
What... what the hell'd he pack it in? Is this an original--
What's Philippe listening to?
Yes, I'd like to order a pizza with sausages and peppers on it.
The address is 62 Achewood Court. Yeah, it'll be cash. The money will be on the kitchen windowsill.
Yeah, the windowsill. Just slide the pizza through but don't look inside.
They won't do it either.
No, Philippe! Too soon!
Hi, I'm too drunk to drive. Can you please send a taxi to 62 Achewood Court?
Great. Can the driver pick up some things on the way here?
Huh. Okay then, how about just some CDs and a blacklight?
No?
Hm. So all you do is give rides to drunk people? Did you get that idea from your mother?
No dice.
So let's add: 1 part vanilla vodka, 3 parts orange soda
Stir together and drop some ice cubes in.
There, doesn't that taste like an orange creamsicle?
Oh! Uh...hi nice Pete!
Oh my god! He killed pat!
They always murder the guy they confess to! Oh no! Why couldn't I have been outside just now?!
Oh! Uh...Sure! I'd be glad to!
Cool shoes, Lie Bot.
Well, they just looked kind of different.
You never met Michael J. Fox.
There's a new version?
Alright, alright already! Quit it.
This is a really special thing that a little kid does. If I help him make it through a night or two outside, he could build tons of self-confidence.
Okay, then! Lets get you outfitted and supplied.
Oh! Sorry...when older guys like me have to pee in the morning, our thingy gets kind of fat. It keeps us from wetting the bed.
10:00:00am - Freeze tongs and bowl for tossing iceberg salad.
What's with all these human torso mannequins, Ray?
What are you drawing, Ray?
Pretty good. What's the ideas?
Oh, like to help you confront it?
Mind if I see some of your other drawings?
A friend of a friend.
That's the fifth time you've asked in five minutes! Go piss up a rope, Todd!
Hey, that actually seems like a pretty good knife set.
A 50-YEAR guarantee, dude!
"These knives can do anything! Just ask...Baby Jesus!"
Oooh, these knives!
What's on, Lyle?
What do you want to do for dinner?
Sure. You want me to get some beans and rice going?
Oh, really, Ray.
Hold on! You get Maxim on the company tab?
What other perks have you been enjoying? Let me see that budget!
"Rolex Magazine"? "Business Jet Weekly"? "The Full-Fledged Male"?
Whoah! What's this?!
Donald Trump is a corny douchebag! I'm not afraid to say it.
Aw, he's out cold - oh my god, It's Ray!
Ray! RAY! Are you ok?! What happened to you?
Agh! He smells like farted-in vinegar!
RAY! YOU WERE A FAT CHILD! YOU ... WERE ... A ... FAT ... CHILD!
"Property of Peter H. Cropes." Wow! His personal sketchpad!
A so-so human hand... you can tell he's been working at it a while...
A pretty decent bucket with a rag and water...
Here we are! I think she's back here.
She was kind of shy and wandered off down the hall.
Looks like it! Are you gentleman enough to introduce yourself?
Word! What's he doing?
What's the matter, snake?
Hey, are you still with Poppy?
Sorry. Is Polly still a... stripper?
I... I was out at the Brown Jug last night, and I realized I had no idea what was okay, what was off-limits, or even how to tip. I mean, what's the protocol at strip clubs? I couldn't find anything online.
You and her should compile the ultimate list of strip-club etiquette! Like Emily Post- but, like, Emily Pole!
Jesus, man.
Dude. I was bored by the time I saw the font. Write it like one of those "Dummies" books, and use my computer.
Oh jesus do I have to pee.
They're not going to pick up in the next few minutes.
There's this online sideburn generator . . . I was just seeing how I'd look in some different styles.
You upload a photo and their software superimposes stock sets of sideburns on you.
Alright.
I know, this is ugly.
I . . . it's frozen.
Well, the problem is that you're gonna get a bad reputation, and women are eventually gonna stop calling.
I'll read these to you for five bucks.
"My first meeting with Todd was a little rocky. We parted early. But I dearly want to see him again. I–tell no one–I even nurture a physical lust for him."
Hook you up how? You want to send her an email?
Seventy dollars.
I take a loss on most of those. Fork it over; you're still right-side up on this deal.
Fuck you, Pat. Three acres of grain tastes terrible with a baked potato.
Here it is, fellows... your new logo!
When you start a company like this, it's important that you look like a couple of dumbfucks from Vermont.
You're naïve! Perfect Swiss men probably account for under one ten-millionth of a percent of worldwide joint sales!
Come on! Compete in the established marketplace, you pussy!
Wow, you wrote a book?
Ray! RAY! Can you hear me?
We're going to see Checkpoint Charlie and the Berlin Wall soon! If we have time, we're going to hit a couple cathedrals!
You have other plans?
You're LEAVING?
What's not working out for you?
Hm. Did you separate out the muscle tissue and remove the silvery stuff before dicing it?
Most people don't. Try that, and add some minced chives to this wasabe dressing.
Wow, Philippe's old car's out... haven't seen this thing in a while...
Oh sheesh, he put tacky stickers all over it... that kid.
Philippe! Package for you!
What did you get?
Ray! Is for what?!
Oh!! Seven-kinky!
Pill has hella side product!
Hey, whatcha watchin'?
That pornstar who died last year?
Does it really have Peter Dudewood?
Oh, you watched it already?
Why do these guys always pretend like they don't know how to jack off? No man on earth just uses his fingertips.
I'm programming my own website!
Why don't you just TRY a little harder?
Why don't you just GO TO HELL, Lyle?
What's up?
Alright, gimmie half an hour.
My parents came over from Minsk just before I was born--
Mom worked in a bakery and Dad was an actuary for a big insurance company.
I guess we were pretty comfortable.
Basically. It could be pretty grim around our house.
One time he found a pack of Camels in my room when I wasn't around--
Later I found him sitting on my bed, crying over old family photos.
Now what's this all about.
Uh, hi... my name's Téodor. What's up?
Uh, no, no... just reading the paper.
No, not really.
Did I just pay for that?
What are you doing, Philippe?
Oh! That's good!
So, do you want to get up at 5 tomorrow, or sleep in until 6?
Okay, I'll wake you when I get back from 4 o'clock mass.
What's up, fellas?
Oh, man! I want in on that!
Sure!
What the...why's there all this stinky pee on the garage floor?!
Whoah! What the heck's it reflecting? There's no computer monitor in here!
Maybe...spread the puddle out with this stick... read it better...
What is the basic unit of Physics, Alex!
You did, Alex!
What's in the crate, Ray?
What's that?
What's that one do?
Watch this. He says crazy things if you mess with him.
What the hell is all that?
Beef, what the hell is that?
Turn around.
Philippe, what the hell are you crying about?
There. What's it like having a chainsaw.
That pure vanilla extract doesn't taste very good by itself?
So? That's not that much.
Huh. Alright, I'm down. Do you have a microphone hooked up to this thing?
Yeah, but the 911 won't hold its value as well as the BMW. Oh, god. Who cares. Sorry... that was carryover thinking from simpler times...one sec.
It's this pee.
It's...look at the words going by In It! It's like a portal to another world!
Just read it for a second, man! It's fascinating!
Fine. Your loss.
Let's see... the anti-abortion fanatics are waming up in the half-bath by the den...
...and we couldn't get an old gas oven, so we're just going to microwave the Sandra Bullock head in the driveway.
Uh... ignorance?
Bad news, Ray. The pro-lifers thought another part of the display was making fun of them, so they set up over in Envelope's yard.
No, it actually looks like they already know each other.
...yeah, it's pretty much a wash. Tell you what: I'll rearrange the sign to advertise Friday's party.
They screwed up. They sent us the Sandra Bullock doll.
We send it back, it's another 7-10 days.
Should I get them started, at least?
Heh!
Hm.
Hi, I'd like to place an order.
Listen, I've been duped by "English-speaking" pizza places before. Prove it.
You do, do you? How much do you love it?
Do you love saying "canadian bacon"?
Do you love not forgetting that I am ordering Canadian bacon right now?
What if Jared died in a different way in each new commercial?
So...do you have other ideas about how you'd want Jared to die?
Good! What else?
It was the shoes. They fought for hours. They had you dancing until your legs gave out.
Toward the end, you were screaming, crying, begging us to help you...
...but the shoes would always dance away from us while you blubbered.
Blubbering is when you're crying so hard that when you try to talk, it just comes out like "A BLOOOO BLA BLOO BLOO BLOOOOOOOO!" Here, Lyle got most of it with his video camera.
And...Jesus Christ! Is that Cornelius's special bowl?!
You?you might not want to use that. Lyle filled it with vinegar today and teabagged it until his eyes watered.
I...how can you even consider that?! When that guy just has GAS I change my shirt and run the garbage disposal!
Ha ha! Look at this - "LOST: cat, short hair, answers to 'Mr. Smuckles.'"
Yeah, but he doesn't seem like the kind of guy who'd get "lost."
"Male, 5 years old, neutered." Man, Ray's neutered?
Wow. Chuck Williams. Peter to Julia's Jesus... this could be my big break!
Hi, Mr. Williams! It's an honor to meet you! While we're waiting, could you take a look at my cookbook manuscript?
You... you want me to throw the contest?
You know what? Screw this old man. I'm gonna write his jive-talking ass into the ground tonight.
You were a show cat, Ray?
Wow, Grand Champion! Who was Colonel Ephraim?
Hey Ray, can I borrow your--oh, sorry, I didn't know you had company.
Oh my god is that Circus Penis?! He looks so healthy.
I'm sorry, I don't.
Hey, Circus Penis. How you doin'?
Wow! Are you starting a Circus Penis army?
Seriously?
Man, we are gonna have awesome hats.
Please tell me that no one saw me.
You jackass! Now he'll want to play! He'll beg everyone to make him a pair and the secret will be out!
...not really, no.
Like what?
That's compelling, but what about when the underpants have their effect on him?
Hm. He'll probably get tired of them well before that happens.
What would you put on it? You don't play baseball.
Okay, you're on.
I said there's no food. Should we order some?
Hey, sorry I missed house meeting. I was being naked in my room. What's up?
COME ON, PHILIPPE!
Philippe's been eating too much fast food. I'm trying to get him to eat healthy again, but he's not going for it.
What? What do you mean?
Getting yelled at while dying of starvation, apparently.
Alright, you're supposed to lock the doors. Did you lock the doors?
Hmm... doors locked, still not starting. Philippe, are you pressing the pedals?
Dammit! Philippe, are you pressing all of them?
I mean, look at this! No woman is going to talk to you if this is the first thing she sees!
And when was the last time you wore this one?!
Open the bomb bay doors, Ray
Philippe! Package for you!
Guys! HEY! An update!
No, you're too drunk to drive.
Phillipe, you need to be the designated driver for Todd tonight.
It's OK. Hold on.
Here. Take this.
Stick this through the driver's side window and press that pedal and the van goes. Simple.
What we are going to do has already been chosen. We just have to remember.
Yes. What did men do for fun before nature shrank their appendage?
We can jump off the couch onto pillows, and we can open a bag of chips. For the company of women, we can read aloud from the January issue of Cosmopolitan, which I saw on the coffee table.
You want answers?!
You can't HANDLE the truth!
Seriously, what makes you think he's gone to find the sofa?
Yeah, I get these mail-order from Oklahoma! They're six bucks each!
My antique Delft ladle! That cost me three hundred bucks!
Ray! RAY! Can you hear me?
Dude! Every time you talk, blood shoots out of your ears.
What, your brain?!
Exactly.
There's a B-side?
Lyle? Come on. Just for a second.
LYLE!
Whatcha workin' on, Cornelius?
What's the theme of this one?
No, I mean of the story.
Please tell me there's a scene where his "sightless hands" guide hers as they sprinkle pepperoni on a pizza.
Huh!
What?
You can't go camping in the middle of your party. That's kind of rude.
Hey Philippe! I got you a present while I was downtown!
I couldn't decide, so I got you the torch AND the grappling hook!
We can make our own Coke at HOME now! And it came with a bloopers video of a dog skiing!
Let's see... ah! Here it is!
Pretty cool, huh!
So, how are things with you and Molly?
It's already ringing.
What's the matter with Nice Pete? What was he screaming about "all the armies of Judas"? What was that?
Todd! Get off the coffee table!
Whoah! Hey!
Stop it!
The Great Outdoor Fight? No you won't. Why would you even joke about something like that?
Since when.
Dude, Rodney Leonard Stubbs won in '73 -- everybody remembers "The Man With The Blood On His Hands." Come on.
How am I supposed to just walk in here and believe you saying stuff like this? Do you have any proof?
What's a Magreaux dog?
Look! He's trying to walk!
Whoah. "How to Weep the Weepy-Weep Way?" I have to know what that is.
It's worth the gamble. Only a couple bucks, right?
I'm gonna watch this video! I'll hit you with a rock, I'll do what I have to! Let GO!
Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father, Luke.
No...I am your father.
So I never...my dad wasn't really there for us...
Penny...
Whatcha doin', Ray?
Yeah, those are called "fonts".
Here, let me help you with that.
Heh!
What?
Hey, come have a puff with us!
Why not?
It's five o'clock in the morning!
Jesus Christ...alright, let me get some track pants on or something...
I'm buck naked, if you hadn't noticed!
It's...unhygienic! You could get closed down!
It'll take you longer to make me clothes that it would for me to get dressed!
This is my little way of telling you that it's six degrees in here.
I'm a little busy.
Look Ray I just sprayed 409 onto the stove and the bubbles are starting to pop --
HARD TO HEAR YOU! BUBBLES POPPING! IT'S GETTING PRETTY BAD!
It's just not a strong enough platform to unite an entire nation.
Just because I like to cook?
Hey!
Look! Todd got a van!
Yeah, can you get us some vodka and some Mexican food and some Jim Jarmusch movies?
TODD! THE STAIRS!
What?
What is it?
...The Smiiiths...
What is that?
What's it do?
What's with the little toy dumptruck, Ray? You have a kid over?
From when you were a kid?
Is this some kind of new hip-hop thing, like sucking on a pacifier was a few years ago?
Oh no! I'm tipping over! SINKHOLE!!
You eat worms, Todd?
Okay.
Cool.
I think you must have hyperventilated. You screamed so loud you set off the Clapper.
Come on, man! I have stuff to do this week!
Please allow me to dispense with the formalities. If you would, gentlemen -- come inside and explore the premises!
There is someone I would like you to meet, Phillipe.
You can't just change your look like that! People will think it's corny!
It's not a theory, it's a guess. It's not even a hypothesis.
Oh...oh god.
Y-Yeah! We got rid of the old living room sofa today! He... he asked about it!
Why do you think he's headed after the sofa?
I'm a little busy.
Look Ray I just sprayed 409 onto the stove and the bubbles are starting to pop-
HARD TO HEAR YOU! BUBBLES POPPING! IT'S GETTING PRETTY BAD!
It's just not a strong enough playform to unite an entire nation.
Agh! What the hell's going on?!
Oh, check it out! I'm making a fake Yahoo Personals ad for Ray!
So what's the deal with this band of theirs?
Oh, like lyrics that are all,
THE FURY OF THE MOME RATH RENT THE EARTH IN TWAIN BY TWAIN!
HAH HA HA! Oh Jesus.
Don't you ever just want to learn Kung Fu? Look at that dude!
It would be so awesome to know Kung Fu. DRAGON KICK! Suckers go flyin'. LOTUS PUNCH! Suckers scamper through the trees, their insides all torn out.
What's that?
What's your technique?
Phillipe! What happened to you?!
How much Subway have you been eating?
Do you know what happens when you only eat fast food, Phillipe? You get diabetes!
They have to cut your legs off! Then you die a year later! Remember Waylon Jennings?
Wow, already?!
Cool. Oh, hey--can I wear sunglasses?
I know, I know. Just this first time.
Hi, I'm Troy Harlem.
You here for Picnic Panic too?
What?
Yeah! Real clear! Almost on cue, even!
Ray! Listen to you!
I could drink this all day!
Ape?
Don't sound so excited, Ray.
Okay, hold on...
One sec...
We'd better run, that was pretty loud.
HUFF
PUFF
PIFF
Ray! Ray! Wait! I found out! It wasn't your Magreaux dog! It was a fake!
After you left, I followed the dog! It ran a few blocks and jumped into a big red Bentley with the license plate CAVIAR!
Yeah! Yeah! He even called the dog The Talented Mr. Smuckles! He and his posse were laughing their asses off!
Why can't we come with you? Emeril? I-hey! Whats the deal?
Are they huge jerks or something? What's up?
Yeah. They did it? They're hiding out down here?
Fourth degree...is that the bad one or the good one? Is first degree the worst?
And Emeril thinks Philippe saw them?! He's never gonna sleep again! If we even find him!
You smell like six asses. What happened to you?
Beef! You're merciless!
Ahhhh....nothing like Brubeck to remind you that not everyone on earth is a huge, steaming pile of shit...
Dude... DUDE! LYLE!
WHY ARE YOU POURING ALL MY VINEGAR INTO THAT BOWL?!
No, Pat already left. Why?
I'm not going to Pat's. Last time I was there I lost my diet root beer cherry.
No one's tight with Nice Pete. He'd murder dead things if science would let him.
"Sugar Loadzz?" We're listening to a rap band called "Sugar Loadzz?" Do you just roll tape whenever some slouch in a sideways ballcap shows up?
Hey Cornelius! You around?
Huh, his special Victorian tinnitus cap is missing! He never takes that thing down.
His car's out too...and I didn't see that new laptop on his desk...
Old age...tinnitus...all black...car's gone...brought his laptop for a goodbye note...
Ray! I think he's finally doing it! I think he's gone to the woods to let nature run its course!
No one needs to do that with modern medicine! We have to go find him! What if he's sitting demented in a creek?
Look, he started to dig his own grave but he got so demented he must have wandered off!
It's terrible. We don't have any idea what we're doing, and I don't think it would matter if we did.
Maybe some of our early experiments...
"Cherub Standoff at the Gargoyle Corral..."
"The Chinese Acrobats..."
"No, Father. The Family Business Dies With You. I am a Yale man now..."
He's gone completely 'round the bend, Ray.
Watch how Philippe opens his mouth. It's kind of gross.
Hey Philippe, open your mouth.
What was with the Madame Tussaud's van out front?
You bought wax figures of Matt Damon and Ben Affleck?
What are you going to do with them?
Alright, well, we're live in five minutes. You ready, Todd?
No, looks like you're ad-libbing the whole hour. Ray pretty much bailed on this whole thing.
Alright, well...I'll do impressions. You call them out. I'll get the tripod.
GOOOOOD...
TIIIIIIITS!
Ahem! Gentlemen! If I may!
What'll it be, Beef?
I... I'm out on a run! Don't call me while I'm exercising to tell me my loan application's been declined, you shitty little work-in-a-room shirt and car man!
Hey, guys! What's goin' on?
Seriously? I was startin' to wonder about you, you chowderhead!
Here, let me order you a Breast Man. They make a really good one here.
Bartender! Three Breast Men, if you please!
"entropy9."
Hey Ray, do you hve any-- what's with the big outfit?
Wow, webcams and everything!
Hey, all the other players are guys too.
Who's the guy in the Victorian diving apparatus?
Whoah. Haven't you ever seen a Dummies book before?
Yeah, but they're not for that stupid of a guy. That's, like, guys-who-know-what-brand-of-tires-they-have trashy.
SOOOO GOOOOD
SUUUUCH A PRIVATE PLAAACE
AAAAAAAAAA!
Heh. Now, you know now, as an old man I got first right 'a refual for all 'a your popular
But I like these guys, these kids from the O.C., these "Social...Distortion" guys. You can
You can tel they're THIS CLOSE to cashin' it ALL IN for another RIP on the PIPE, son!
Hey Cornelius! You back yet? I need to look through your cookbooks for something! Hello? HelloHello?
Huh, a little section of cookbooks by celebrity wives...
An original eighteenth century cookbook by George Washington's wife! No way!
Look, you just start clicking around. That's how the internet works.
Yeah.
That's the browser's "History" folder.
Delete it vigilantly.
Since when are you in West Side Story, Ray?
Seriously, what are you up to?
It looks like you're about to get a haircut and a one-way ticket to the Gulf of Tonkin, I guess.
Then answer me!
I...I'm terribly deformed. Please just leave it on the doormat.
Here you go. Say, is your car an automatic?
Arrrhh! Me hates ye!
Hey, that's Pat again!
715 Lomax...that's where he goes to Support Group!
Jesus, Ray. You've been pacing since you came into the kitchen. What's eating you?
Yeah, alright, I'll give that it's a little tacky, but-
Why don't you make an ultra-tacky lawn installation of your own, to show him how bad it looks?
Okay, so we'll put an antique gas oven by the birch tree, and the Sylvia Plath mannequin that we have on all fours on that little train track system will roll forward and stick her head in it on the hour.
Then Rin Tin Tin will pull her out, and the animatronic Tintin will put a medal around his neck.
A ghost, an army man.. hey! That one looks like an otter!
Get back here!
Spatchcock?
Oh! "Butterflying." I can butterfly as well as anyone. I...I must have been a little out of date on the terminology.
I can do it. I can definitely do it. Are there any other dishes?
Okay, sounds good. Great.
"DO NOT KILL MY FAMILY," by F. Carleton Nesp. That'd be a funny name for a bad drama. I should call Reader's Digest...
I wonder if I want a hawky WASP-type woman. Really reserved, but it would be "our little secret" that she liked sex... A LOT.
Oh! I--
Philippe? I heard a noise.
Oh, Philippe! You just had a crazy dream!
Yes! All of that stuff was just in your head! Your subconscioius shooting off random thoughts that you saw as reality!
Well, Goodnight.
Jesus Christ! Why the fuck did you just hit the computer with a cricket bat?!
What do you mean, buggering him? He hasn't left the house all week!
You can't bugger a child online, not even with Flash. You're way too worked up about this.
Caveat emptor. Pederasts aren't the most litigious bunch you're likely to encounter.
Huh. Sounds like we finally caught that damned kitchen rat.
Oh crap, he didn't die all the way. Maybe it's just reflexes and he'll settle down in a few seconds.
Aw futz, he dragged himself off the shelf. I hope he didn't land on that little kitchen CD player.
Yup, he did.
Sheesh.
..."Rod"? Oh, no...
Hey, Huggings. How's the wide world of bottoming.
No, I'm not. It was just a misunderstanding.
Look, let's just greenscreen him in a couple different positions and superimpose him on himself in post. You can bust in on that.
Hey, somebody ate all my 'shrooms!
I'm sure I hid them in this trail mix.
Man, where am I gonna get another twenty bucks?
Where are you going? We start taping in four hours
